	Id	Title	FullDescription	LocationRaw	LocationNormalized	ContractType	ContractTime	Company	Category	SalaryRaw	SalaryNormalized	SourceName	BinarySalary
190731	71746522	Marketing Executive	A Marketing Executive is required to join a global value added distributor of unified communications currently based in Burgess Hill. You will have the responsibility for day to day marketing within the department as defined by the activities below. This role is as an integral member of a small but busy marketing team. Key attributes will to be proactively engaged with the GTM marketing activities and business touchpoints that marketing works internally with vendors and with customers when required. The ideal candidate, will enjoy working across a broad marketing mix. They will be involved in the planning and execution of marketing as follows: Responsibilities Include:  Events  Proactive planning, execution and measuring of events including management of the company' internal events, external partner events and industry events.  Marcomms  design and broadcast of company marketing communications using the company's emarketing platform  Design of the company's created collateral and presentation materials  Creating front end web content, working with CMS to manage website  Ensure good planning to budget to required metrics and communications to relevant parties including internal and customers  Manage vendor funding  working withing vendor programmes and managing the quarterly funding claims process for partner funding, collating the information required for claiming and ensuring successful claims are made. Quarterly reporting of claim amounts to budget  Produce reports and ROI on marketing activities for vendors and internal use  Supporting the company's sales teams and resellers The Candidate:  Looking for a marketeer with minimum of 4 years in a B2B environment.  Ability to combine creative skills within a broader marketing mix  The individual should be passionate about marketing, proactive, accountable,with excellent organisational and project management skills, combined with a creative eye and attention to detail.  A cando attitude is essential.  Ability to work in both the planning and execution of marketing  Ability to manage budgets and work to deadlines  Ability to report and demonstrate ROI on marketing activities  The individual should enjoy having a broad range of responsibilities and have the ability to manage multiple projects and prioritise effectively.  Excellent communication skills both written and oral  Good team worker, versatile and resilient  Strong customer focus and the ability to work with people at all levels  internally, with customers and vendors  Initially located in Burgess Hill, then Crawley. Product Knowledge/Application Skills:  Adobe Creative Suite  photoshop, illustrator, InDesign at an intermediate/advanced level required  Web/html/email  Dreamweaver or similar  Microsoft Office  Outlook, Word, Excel (int/advanced) Powerpoint (int/advanced) Sharepoint  Knowledge of IT/Telco industry desirable  Marketing qualification desirable	Crawley	Crawley			Recruitment Genius	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	22000 - 25000 per annum	23500	MyUkJobs	0
88950	69145593	Senior Business Intelligence/Data Analyst	The Senior Analyst is responsible for ensuring that the production of the BI solutions and supporting artifacts are to the appropriate level of quality, in a time scale agreed by the project team and stakeholders. The role involves building and implementing cutting edge reporting strategies and analysing existing databases and report requirements to design, deploy and secure the SQL Server 2008 database. The successful Business Intelligence Analyst will play a key role in all Business Intelligence projects and will lead the project lifecycle. This role leads the technical design of the BI solutions and has overall responsibility for facilitating the major technical decisions in line with the strategic Architectural constraints. This typically includes identifying and documenting the architecturally significant aspects of the system as views that describe requirements, design, implementation, and deployment. This role is also responsible for providing the rationale for these decisions, balancing the concerns of the various stakeholders, reducing technical risks, and ensuring that decisions are effectively communicated, validated, and followed. You will have several years experience working in Business Intelligence roles. You are adept at translating business needs into process and data requirements and have a working knowledge of database technologies to query standard databases. A strong team player with great interpersonal skills, you are able to present results of analysis to users at all levels of the business. Above all you are selfmotivated, flexible and adaptable enough to work comfortably in a fast moving, competitive environment Applicants must have a very strong background with SQL Server 2005/**** SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Analysis Services, SQL Server Integration Services, Database Design, Business Intelligence projects and ETL. Experience with SQL Server 2008 and Management Information would be extremely beneficial. You will respond to requests for data analysis and research; produce useful insight and valuable information from various raw data sources; recognise and extract critical indicators from large and complex data sets; evaluate, maintain and optimise website or intranet performance; design and maintain processes for measurement, tracking, reporting and analysing traffic and customer experience. You must have strong analytical skills, with the ability to create reports of a high standard and deliver accurate, relevant and timely information based on solid research; proven experience of working in a fastmoving environment where ability to deliver is paramount; excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communications skills and the ability to interact comfortably at director level; outstanding organisational skill and superior attention to detail; and uptodate industry knowledge through reading publications/journals and undertaking appropriate training and development. The skills and experience needed to fulfill the technical lead role depend upon the size and technical and management complexity of the development, but to play the role, to at least some degree you must SQL Server 2008  2005 would be considered SSRS, SSIS, SSAS Excellent knowledge of Database management Excellent knowledge of Data Mining (CRM Mining Techniques Preferable) Excellent Knowledge of Campaign Management applications Excellent Data processing and Data manipulation skills Excellent SQL skills Excellent knowledge of ETL Tools MDX Queries Knowledge of Dataloads, rewriting dataloads, stored procedures Full understanding of business intelligence development practices used to create an enterprise data warehouse including: data extract, transformation and loading (ETL) techniques from source systems database design for data warehouses OLAP principals such as multidimensional analysis and star schemas ability to design and create reports to meet user requirements .Net coding using C or Visual Basic Any exposure to Java would be advantageous	Northwich	Northwich	full_time		The Hut Group	IT Jobs	23,000.00 - 27,000.00 per year	25000	Jobcentre Plus	0
51163	68635165	Lead Java Developer  Front Office (Rates and Derivates)	Lead Java Developer  Front Office (Rates and Derivates)  Trade Processing / Multithreading / Spring / JMS/ Core Java/ Agile/ TDD****  ****  Bonus  BenefitsMy client is a global investment bank that is based in the city of London. With the success that they have had over the past 23 years, they are looking to hire a Lead Java Developer. The role is to become part of the risk team for Fixed Income Technology Rates. Lead Developer role responsible for design and development of strategic global rates derivatives trade processing system and would be expected to lead the programming efforts. The person would be expected to participate in peer code and design review. This is one of the strategic programs of Fixed Income IT which must be delivered successfully. The Lead Developer will need to be able to interact with the business on a daily basis and work with other development teams that are based in New York and Singapore. Technical Skills: Lead Java Developer  Front Office (Rates and Derivates)  Trade Processing / Multithreading / Spring / JMS/ Core Java/ Agile/ TDDThe successful candidate will have:At least 5 years experience of Core JavaMultithreadingSpringJMS / MQ SeriesTDD/ BDD Agile methodologyMust have experience FIXED INCOME / EQUITIESPersonality: Lead Java Developer  Front Office (Rates and Derivates)  Trade Processing / Multithreading / Spring / JMS/ Core Java/ Agile/ TDDDemonstrate commitment to the organisation, team and roleMaintain a high standard of professionalism at all timesBuild and maintain relationships with colleaguesBe an efficient and effective team member and participate fully to achieve team goalsContinuously seek improvement to achieve higher levels of efficiency, customer service and effectivenessRecognise the importance of order and clarity in the workplace and the presentation of workPossess the initiative to work independently and have the confidence to take responsibility for decisions madeA methodical approach and enthusiasm for correctness and completeness of resultsDeadline and results focusedHigh energy levels with a can do approachSystematic, structured and methodical Excellent communication skills, able to converse / communicate at all levels, and across teams.Team playerOwnership of decisions and workloadCan think beyond their own team to the impact of their actions on the wider environmentResilient and self motivatedPlease do forward your CV to eobiechefuargyllscott.com or call me on **** **** ****	City of London	The City		permanent		IT Jobs	65000 - 75000 per annum + Bonus + Benefits	70000	theitjobboard.co.uk	1
155224	71080149	SIMS Team Analyst Developer	Fixed term for 12 months The Student Information Management Systems (SIMS) team provides comprehensive and bespoke support and solutions to support the University’s excellent provision of student information systems. With over **** active students and a wide range of staff working in Central Student Administration and across **** Faculties requiring the information system to support their work in managing the student experience. With significant experience of undertaking a system development role as well as business analyst skills, you will be able to understand users needs be able to proactively work with them to develop bespoke solutions as appropriate. You will have significant experience of Oracle software development using PL/SQL, Oracle Forms and Oracle Reports, designing and developing web based solutions and experience of analysing situations to identify appropriate solutions. You will also be required to demonstrate that you can build strong customer focused relationships with service users, and that you can work under pressure, balancing priorities while maintaining flexibility and a commitment to providing an excellent level of customer service. Experience of working with information systems in Education (e.g. Banner) or understanding of issues in Higher Education would be desirable. University Grade **** ( ****   **** p .a.) Informal enquiries may be made to Peter Bindon , Student Information Systems Service Group Leader, tel **** (****)**** **** **** email p.j.f.bindonleeds.ac.uk Ref: CSISS****	Leeds	Leeds	full_time		University of Leeds	IT Jobs	30,424.00 - 36,298.00 per year	33361	Jobcentre Plus	0
61106	68695268	HR Project Manager	We are currently recruiting a HR Project Manager to support a leading multisite business. This is a truly generalist HR role to support all aspects of people management across the business network. Working within one of the business units the role will support the HR Management team, and be responsible for championing and delivering the HR strategy and for providing robust HR strategy and advice. Key Performance Indicators  Delivery of key projects to support the business agenda  Successful management of change initiatives  Levels of employee involvement and engagement  Adherence completion of site people plans in your business unit Main Duties and Responsibilities  Develop good industrial relations and build strong relationships with trade union at a national level.  Give advice to management from across all business and contracts on all aspects of Company policy, best practice and employee relations and advise on employment law and any applicable local or national agreements e.g. Investigation / Disciplinary process, Maternity, Paternity and Family Friendly polices etc  Support National TU forums and meetings e.g. Wage Negs, Communications Forum, FAB’s and Disputes Committees.  Development of training workshops to be rolled out across all sites.  Support company process and development of management capability and performance management  Implementation and continuous monitoring/improvement of absence management policies and procedures and managing all associated sickness including aspects of preemployment and OH coordination.  Producing weekly/monthly management reports and interrogating SAP HR to ensure fully utilised.  Provide support to all operational HR staff as and when required  this may involve attendance at other sites.  Support the central HR function with various adhoc project work e.g. TUPE, Pensions etc  Ensure good employee relations are maintained and that problems are dealt with at an early stage. Key Skills  CIPD (or studying towards)  Extensive experience in an operational / generalist Human Resources, preferably in a fast paced environment  Up to date knowledge of Employment Law and best practice. Experience with managing complex employee relations.  Experience working with Trade Union  Trustworthy and completely confidential  Ability to influence at all levels including the ability to influences outcomes when necessary  Looks to understand and identify risk  Ability to exercise discretion and confidentiality at all times  Identifies information needed from others  Presents self professionally and effectively  Displays exceptional drive and tenacity  Understands and drives the HR strategy and goals  Identifies and builds strong relationships  Outstanding communication In return for the hard work which is required for this busy role, you will receive:  A company car  An annual bonus of up to 25% depending on performance  Private Health Care  25 days annual leave  Defined contribution pension scheme This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HRProjectManager_job****	Birmingham West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		permanent	Axis Associate Consultants	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 28,000 to 32,000 per annum	30000	totaljobs.com	0
607	46630187	Children s Care Worker Job Oxted	Just Social Care are seeking children’s support workers to work in a residential setting providing a supportive and nurturing environment for children and young people with profound and multiple learning difficulties, ADHD and or physical disabilities. Working as part of a closeknit team within one of the four residential houses, you will assist in the everyday and personal care, education and treatment of children and young people with PMLD. Two shifts per weekend (early or late). You will be a motivated and committed individual, with a calm approach. Experience of working with children and young people or in residential care is desirable but not essential. You must be able to work as a team member, on your own initiative and to high standards. Good interpersonal and communication skills are essential. Minimum qualification NVQ**** (Health and Social Care.) You must have an enhanced CRB or be happy to apply for one and have two years minimum experience within this field. For more details on this post, please click apply today. Just Social Care have the most experienced consultants within the UK who have over 15 years combined experience within Social Work recruitment, both Locum and permanent placements	Oxted, Surrey	Oxted	part_time			Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	8.50 to 13 per hour	20640	careworx.co.uk	0
45539	68546153	Graduate Developer  Software / Web / PHP / MySQL	Graduate Developer  Software / Web / PHP / MySQL Enfield ****K This is a very exciting new graduate role ideal for you if you ve recently studied an internet / web focused degree achieved a minimum of a **** pass mark. The role has a detailed training development schedule ready for graduates to make use of teaching all elements of programming web development with good database skills. If your an enthusiastic individual with a recent Computer Science / Web or Internet degree of **** or above then make sure you apply for this career developing role With the foundation that your degree will have taught you there is a whole world of web development that will be opened up for you in the onthejob training you ll step straight into The key skills you ll learn will be PHP, LAMP and MySQL with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. With such good opportunities here you ll soon progress in this Junior Web Development role There are a number of projects you re skills enthusiasm are required for, including key online website development for bluechip clients. Skills that are useful include PHP or ASP.Net / C. If this junior web developer role is of interest to you please get in touch with me on **** **** **** or send your CV directly to me at Hannah.olcroftsenitor.com Keywords: Graduate / PHP / MySQL / Junior / Internet / Web Developer / Training / LAMP Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	Enfield	Enfield		permanent	Senitor Associates Limited	Engineering Jobs	18k - 22k pa + benefits	20000	justengineers.net	0
118084	69804845	PR Account Manager  B2B Technology	My client are currently seeking an experienced PR Account Manager for a B2B Technology role. This award winning agency is offering the opportunity to work with some of the biggest brands in the industry whilst being incorporated into an exciting and innovative team who take pride in the work they achieve. As well as supporting several flagship accounts, the Account Manager will be given the chance to develop and nurture their career through diverse training and development programmes. The ideal candidate will:  Presently be working as an Account Manager in a fast moving agency managing a variety of accounts with a focus on B2B technology  telecoms an added asset.  Have excellent writing and account management skills  Provide a suitable level of client consultancy  Offer strong business, enterprise technology and mobile experience  Hold PanEuropean business media skills and contacts Desirable skills include:  Well established media relations with relevant industry and trade press.  Solid comprehension of budget management with a focus on client relationship management.  A creative, proactive and innovative approach to work with a resultsfocused state of mind.  Experience of working on international clients and demonstration of a good understanding of this process. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Account Manager to broaden their career, develop further skills and experience and work in an exciting and talentfilled environment. pr account executive, pr account, pr account manager, pr account director, pr, media relations, public relations, journalist, digital pr, experiential, press officer, social media intelligence, event management, marcomms, marketing communications, marketing manager, communications manager, brand manager This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRAccountManagerB2BTechnology_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Creative Personnel	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	32000 to 36000 per annum	34000	totaljobs.com	0
170393	71360606	Theatre Technician (Costume & Wardrobe) BLUT****	Theatre Technician (Costume Wardrobe) BLUT****Full time, temporary contract until 30th June 2013Manchester City CentreSalary ****  **** pro rataAs one of the largest and most successful further education colleges in Europe, our Client provides education and training to a wide range of learners and clients across the City of Manchester and beyond. The mission of the college is to deliver a high quality, inclusive and comprehensive curriculum, in an accessible and flexible way.Their Performing Arts Department is now looking for a Technician to join them on a temporary basis to support the teaching and learning objectives of planned curriculum programmes through the provision of technical support in both the **** and adult programmes.As a Technician you will maintain all materials required by staff for curriculum delivery and assessment, providing or assisting as required with all supporting aspects of FE/HE productions, performing classes, examinations/assessments and other college wide events.As directed by the Divisional Lead Manager and Lead Technician, you will work as part of a dynamic a team to provide 1st class technical support in all areas of theatre with experience in costume and wardrobe, managing and auditing all stock and technical resources as needed, ensuring that staff and students are able to utilise equipment as and when required.Qualified to HND/Foundation level degree or with equivalent professional experience, the successful Theatre Technician will have significant, relevant knowledge with an emphasis in Costume/Wardrobe. You will need a friendly, approachable manner, good communicative skills as well as the ability to work well under pressure, in order to successfully monitor materials and provide technical support of equipment, props and machine when required.Closing date for applications: Friday 8th February 2013This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.	Greater Manchester - Manchester	Manchester	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Engineering Jobs	15450 - 18950	17200	ukstaffsearch.com	0
71489	68836076	Compiler Developer  London	Compiler Developer  London  GCC, LLVM, CoSy, Frontend, parsing, optimisation, code generation and backend Compiler development vacancy within my client, a groundbreaking and leading semiconductor company working at the forefront of the latest consumer led device development. This position, for a compiler engineer, is on their team tasked with developing the compilers for current and next generation graphics hardware (GPUs). We are seeking experienced compiler engineers with a relevant degree plus skills in the following areas:  excellent C  compiler architecture and algorithms ( frontend, parsing, optimisation and backend)  multithreaded and/or parallel computation and associated difficulties. Skills of additionally of interest include:  Kernellevel software development  embedded realtime operating systems (Linux, WinCE and/or Symbian)  Assembly language programming. To apply please contact IC Software s Compiler and EDA Tools recruitment consultant Alex Fothergill. Skills: Compiler engineer / compiler developer for my Semicon client, with excellent C programming ability and skills in frontend, parsing, backend compiler development, etc. IC Software  your first contact for Embedded, DSP & Software jobs	St Albans Hertfordshire East	UK		permanent		IT Jobs	55000	55000	technojobs.co.uk	1
146463	70733583	Fundraising Officer	Our client a leading charity disability charity based in Birmingham are currently seeking a dynamic Fundraising Officer. Reporting into Head of Finance you will develop and grow income by developing strong Major Donor / Corporate relationships, devising and implementing creative fundraising applications in order to optimise donations and support. Experience in a similar role is required for this post and you must possess strong networking and negotiating skills and have experience of managing high value strategic partnerships. For further details and to view a full role specification please contact Langton N****P Charity Recruitment Specialists.	West Midlands	West Midlands	full_time	permanent	LANGTON N4P	Creative & Design Jobs	25,000 - 29,000	27000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
137799	70430962	Convergence/Mobile Working/M2M Specialist Telco Solutions	Convergence/Mobile Working/M2M Specialist Telecommunications Sales ****k****k Basic, ****k****k OTE  Full Corporate Benefits Based South England Our client is a dynamic and progressive solution provider. The role involves focusing on multinational high value corporate business customers where you will work to exceed realistic Convergence/Mobile Working/M2M Specialist Sales targets, taking full responsibility for opening new targeted accounts within the UK. You will be working in an overlay capacity liaising with the New Business and Account Management teams where you will be client facing and have a responsibility for a broad portfolio of business products and services. You will need to inspire respect from everyone at all levels both internally and externally and be able to give examples of this. Your 3 years frontline B2B Corporate Sales experience, gained within a professional B2B sales environment will be key, as will your clear appreciation of how a technical, service based B2B organisation can deliver real value to your customers' business. As a Convergence/Mobile Working/M2M Specialist you will be responsible for approaching targeted accounts to present a broad portfolio of business products and services and show how you can enrich the customer experience. Selfmotivation, a high level of IT literacy, sales presentation skills and a full driver's licence are the other essential requirements as well as the drive and determination to be the best. There are no limits to the rewards you can enjoy or the prospects you may expect. Rewards will include a generous base salary with uncapped OTE plus a comprehensive benefits package To apply, please send your CV in confidence to our advising consultant Daniel Morton, quoting DM125 at PMA Sales Recruitment Based in London, PMA Sales Recruitment specialise in recruiting for sales vacancies at of all levels of Sales roles including Sales Executives, Account Managers, Sales Managers, Sales Directors and Telesales Executives/Internal Sales. The sales roles that we manage and recruit for are across the spectrum including IT sales, Telecom sales, Media sales, Financial sales, Information sales, Hosting sales and general Business to Business Sales positions and Sales jobs. Please be advised that due to the nature of our business we can, and will, only reply to those candidates who we feel have the relevant sales experience for this role. Keywords: Sales, new business sales, Corporate Sales, business development sales, mobile data, sales, wireless sales, O**** Orange, Vodafone, T Mobile, wireless data sales, mobile sales, telco sales, convergence sales, wan sales, LAN sales, mobile working sales, M2M sales, fixed line sales.	London	London		permanent		Sales Jobs	90k - 100k	95000	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	1
92460	69176401	Gift Manager	UCL Development and Alumni Relations Office  Resources Gift Manager The appointment will be full time on UCL Grade **** The salary range will be ****  **** per annum, inclusive of London Allowance. The UCL Development and Alumni Relations Office works closely with the academic community to build relationships with our alumni and other supporters. We are in an exciting phase as we gear up for launching one of the most ambitious and innovative fundraising campaigns. We will be raising money for groundbreaking research and state of the art learning and teaching facilities for staff and students. Join us and be part of one of the most driven and successful Development teams in Europe. As Gift Manager, you will be responsible for all aspects of the gift administration function at UCL. This includes ensuring all donations are properly received, recorded and transferred; for providing proactive support and guidance to fundraisers, departments and donors; and for producing regular, accurate management information. You will have demonstrable experience of proactively managing a key service in a busy customerfocussed role. You will have a positive and helpful attitude and enjoy finding solutions to queries. An interest in fundraising and excellent numeracy and communication skills are a must in this role. Closing Date: 1st February 2013 We particularly welcome applications from black and minority ethnic candidates as they are underrepresented within UCL at this level. For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button	London	London	full_time	permanent	University College London	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	32,375 - 39,132 per annum	35753	Third Sector Jobs	0
3073	56883007	Home Care Worker Beaconsfield	Care Assistants required to cover Beaconsfield, Farnham Common, Taplow, Bourne End, Stoke Poges, Langley, Gerrards Cross, Denham and surrounding villages. Bluebird Care (South Bucks) are providers of high quality care in the home for older people and adults with physical disabilities to enable them to live an active independent life within their own familiar surroundings. We are currently recruiting Care Assistants to join our team. We pay **** to **** p/h dependant on shift, plus mileage allowance. There are many different aspects to the job providing personal care such as help with dressing as well as practical and social support to enable independence at home. Nationally, Bluebird Care is the UK’s largest provider of privately funded care at home. Flexible hours available – days, evenings, weekends. We welcome applicants of all ages and previous experience is not required as full training and ongoing support towards career progression will be provided. CRB check is required for this position. MUST HAVE OWN TRANSPORT.	Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire	Beaconsfield	part_time			Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	7.60 to 15.00 per hour	21696	careworx.co.uk	0
28699	67959715	Care Assistant jobs Watford	A successful branch of Westminster Homecare are recruiting Care Assistants to provide care services to people in their own homes. This is a fantastic opportunity for those who wish to enter or progress within the care industry so if you are selfmotivated, organised, flexible and caring to the needs of others, then please come and join us. Applicants need to have a mature attitude and a friendly approach. We care for people ranging from the elderly to those with disabilities who choose to live in their own homes. Shifts available from Monday to Sunday Car drivers preferred but not essential. Flexible hours, evenings and weekends Full training provided Competitive rates of pay. Enhanced rates for evenings and weekends. CRB required before commencement of work. We are an equal opportunities provider of care. Please apply today to discuss in more detail.	Watford, Hertfordshire	Watford	part_time			Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	6.50 to 8.00 per hour	13920	careworx.co.uk	0
89421	69148352	RMN Staff Nurse	36 hours per week, rota, work includes days, nights, weekends. Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking to recruit a Mental Health Nurse for a mental health service in Ebbw Vale. The nursing home caters for high end dementia and adults with schizophrenia who need respite care. The service is part of an excellent group of nursing homes who work to high standards in care and nursing. The nursing home is located in Ebbw Vale and we are looking for a Mental Health Nurse ideally who has experience in both dementia and schizophrenia. We are looking for a nurse with the following qualities: live and active Pin Number of the NMC, Registered Mental Health Nurse, ideally post qualification experience, ideally experience in high end dementia care and schizophrenia, located in travel distance of Ebbw Vale.	Ebbw Vale	Ebbw Vale	full_time		Eclypse Recruitment	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	23,400.00 - 25,500.00 per year	24450	Jobcentre Plus	0
201109	71857274	Internal Sales Engineer	Internal Sales Engineer Location: Derbyshire Excellent salary with company benefits The company are leaders in their field and have a new requirement for an Internal Sales Engineer to join the business. Essential Requirements: HNC or degree in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent) Previous internal or external Sales experience Responsibilities: It is expected that the Internal Sales Engineer will work closely with other members of the Standard Products Team to support the sales of their products in the UK Global markets. Job Purpose: To ensure continued growth of the Company s business through optimum service being given to customers and all sales personnel. Duties To independently manage enquiries, review technically and make commercial proposals to meet the customer requirements. To independently manage a range of process type enquiries and propose suitable technical and commercial solutions to the customers requirements. Follow up selected quotations in conjunction with the Area Sales Engineers and record feedback on the enquiry log system. Ensure that all customer order documentation requirements are compiled within the required timescales. Ensure that products are sold profitably as determined by the business. Ensure response to enquiries, orders and all other activities are according to identified timescales. Ensure that customer complaints are handled according to Company policy. Liaise with all departments in the Company, Agents and Customers. To develop and maintain knowledge and work within Company policies, practices, systems, procedures and product knowledge. Deal with Customer Visits as required. Ensure all orders that result from a quotation conform in all aspects to the terms offered before processing / entering the order on to the system. Evaluate requests for returned goods and raising initial paperwork for action in accordance with the returned goods procedure. In conjunction with the relevant Area Sales Engineer, visit customers as required. Person Requirements / Qualifications Experience Essential requirements: HNC or degree in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent) Previous internal and/or external Sales experience High level of sales awareness and commercial judgement The ability to communicate tactfully and clearly Computer literacy Ability to prioritise heavy and variable workload Professional attitude to all aspects of customer care Competent with Microsoft project, word, excel Preferred: Previous experience in heavy industry preferred Understands demands of an ISO 9001 environment or similar This is a fantastic opportunity to join a progressive business that can offer a secure future. Interested applicants, please forward a copy of your CV details to Beverley.reavillprofessionaltechnical.com (Agy) Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the engineering and technical talent so that our clients can focus on the core elements of engineering. Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	Derbyshire	Derbyshire		permanent	Professional Technical Ltd	Engineering Jobs	20k - 27k pa	23500	jobsite.co.uk	0
45130	68540532	PR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE/ACCOUNT MANAGER  Financial Services	Our client is a boutique Financial PR and Communications Agency based in the City of London and who service a broad range of banking and financial institutional clientele. They have an immediate opening available for a PR Account Executive/Manager to join their existing team of approx. **** staff. This position will involve approx. 70% using your excellent writing skills, therefore excellent command of English language is essential. The ideal candidate will be graduate calibre, ****:1 Degree required, plus have a keen interest in the financial services and banking industry sector. If you have studied Journalism and would like to work in financial communications this would also be of benefit. You will be involved with the following: Media relations  speaking to clients and journalists on a day by day basis. Ghost writing and placement. News generation. M A reporting Writing of Press Releases, articles and financial material. This is a new position which will offer the successful candidate excellent career prospects and development. CC Blue Recruitment act as a Recruitment Agency in respect of this job vacancy. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES CC Blue Recruitment is committed to equal opportunities and actively seeks applications from all sectors of the community irrespective of sex, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, having responsibility for dependents, age, religion/beliefs, or any other reason which cannot be shown to be justified.	Greater London	London	full_time	permanent	CC BLUE RECRUITMENT	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	20k - 30k DOE	25000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
213435	72236696	Territory Manager	The Role: •Key responsibilities of the role are to maximise the sales of company products within target accounts by conducting training and workshops to provide training and education on all brands. •To support the Sales team at a local level on clinical and training issues. •To liaise with the Sales team to ensure time is used effectively. The prioritisation of activity will be based solely on business gain in target accounts. •Responsible for implementing woundcare product specific sales plans across the territory to generate business against individual targets. •Develop existing and new business opportunities •Impart knowledge and share best practice experience with colleagues The Person: •Must be able to demonstrate an innovative approach when presenting sales proposals •Effective communicator encourages feedback and challenge amongst the team. •Ability to work both as an individual and within a team •Flexible, adaptable and acceptable to change •Excellent negotiation skills •Tailors message and delivery style to meet the recipient’s needs, always choosing appropriate communication medium. The Client: •Our client offers a complete full line of dental products to meet the needs of dental professionals and is a market leading company. Our client’s commitment is to always provide excellent service to our customers, they are a national company with a local touch. The Package: Company Car, Laptop, Health Insurance, Pension, Mobile Phone. G**** Healthcare Resourcing are specialist sales recruiters for sales executives, sales representatives, account managers, business development managers, product specialists in Pharmaceutical sales, Medical sales, healthcare sales, Medical Equipment, Medical Devices, disposables, surgical tools, ophthalmic products, capital equipment, ultrasound, wound care, endoscopy, anaesthetic, cardiovascular, dental, pressure care, mobility equipment, urology, sutures, consumer healthcare, respiratory, infusion, optical, Trauma This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TerritoryManager_job****	South East	South East London			G2 Healthcare Resourcing	Sales Jobs	40,000 per annum	40000	salestarget.co.uk	0
128982	70140287	Senior QA Engineers  Java, TestNG  London  ****k	Senior QA Engineers  Java, TestNG  London  ****k Technologies: Java, Scripting Languages (Python, JavaScript, Perl/Bash), TestNG, XML, JSON, Agile (Scrum). Industry: Storage Area Network (SAN) I/O measurement, Virtual Infrastructure Optimization, NMS, Network Management, Element Management, EMS, Network Manager, Network Monitoring, Network Monitor, Network Performance. Computer People are working with a leader in SAN and Virtual Infrastructure Performance Optimization. This forward thinking company are developing the world s only realtime performance monitoring solution for SANs and virtual infrastructure. This is an exciting time to join a global software company opening up offices in UK s Tech City (Shoreditch). This cash rich, well invested software product company has secured exquisite offices in a lively and easily accessible part of London. This position is for Senior Quality Assurance Engineers working on API test development for the worldclass software product lines. The candidate will work closely with other API test developers as well as other engineering teams in writing/executing tests that verify the functionally of product software stacks (client/server) as well as testing integration with 3rd party infrastructure devices (data switches, arrays, and servers) Responsibilities: The individual will work closely with the existing API test team in using the existing automated testing as well as help contribute to the framework that will serve as the foundation for all future API test cases. The candidate will also be involved in the early stages of product and feature development/enhancement and provide feedback into the product design and implementation. The individual will be responsible for creating test sets and coding the necessary test case which they will in turn execute and report any relevant bugs/issues. Requirements:  Very good programming skills in Java  Python, JavaScript and Perl/Bash scripting a plus  Good understanding of storagerelated technologies such as Fiber Channel, NAS, FCoE, iSCSI, and NFS.  Strong ability to debug in complex development environment  Strong understanding of the internals of the operating system, especially Linux  Experience in creating and maintaining testing frameworks; using TestNG a plus  Strong understanding of structured XML and/or JSON a plus  Strong understanding of the Scrum methodology and experience working in an Agile environment  Excellent written and verbal communication skills This role offers excellent career development opportunities and the chance to work with excellent technologies and on exciting projects. To be considered for this role apply now & for more information please contact Alastair Taylor	London Greater London	London		permanent		IT Jobs	70000	70000	technojobs.co.uk	1
131916	70207842	Structural Design Engineer	Our client is a globally recognised engineering company with a strong background in the manufacture of steel and aluminium structures for the Civil, Renewable and Utilities sectors. They have an established reputation in the North East and are actively exporting to clients based in Europe, Northern Africa and the Middle East with plans for continuing expansion due to recent investment in the company which will allow them to offer candidates with strong potential for internal promotion with career opportunities available for senior engineering positions in the next 1218 months. As a Structural Design Engineer you will be required to assist with the detailing, design, project management and issuing of project drawings and documents and prepare product general arrangement drawings complete with all engineering and design data. Primarily you will be working on mechanical and structural engineering design projects and producing detailed engineering design for the manufacturing departments on both bespoke and high volume projects. To be considered for this role you must have a formal qualification in an engineering subject (ideally mechanical or structural) and have some experience working in a Structural Design role. It is essential that you have extensive working knowledge of AutoCAD LT and ideally a working knowledge of Solidworks as well as an understanding of design calculations. A valid EU work permit is essential.	Teesside,	UK			Techconsult UK LTD	Creative & Design Jobs	30000 - 35000 UK Pounds/year	32500	OilCareers.com	0
51917	68662772	Site Supervisor (M&E)	A major contractor in the UK water industry is looking for a Site Supervisor with a strong M E background to work on various projects on behalf of their client, Southern Water. As Site Supervisor you will be responsible for the onsite delivery of multiple work orders on behalf of the water company. Reporting to the Programme Manager your main responsibilities will include commissioning on off site and supervising, FAT SAT tests, looking after documentation, NICEIC certificates and job completion approval Working on clean and wastewater projects you will spend around 70% of your time based in the office and the rest on various sites across Kent. Extensive experience in supervision, commissioning, drawings design of panels and **** testing inspecting is required for this role. The package will include an estate company car, a bonus of up to **** month`s salary, pension, laptop, phone, sick pay and 25 days holiday. Calco apologise that we cannot respond to all applicants personally and only those who match the criteria of the client will be contacted. Calco Services operates as both an employment business and agency. If your application is for a position based in the UK or EU, under European Employment Law you MUST be eligible to live and work there. This job was originally posted as www.CareerStructure.com/JobSeeking/SiteSupervisorME_job****	Kent South East	Kent		permanent	Calco Technical Recruitment Professionals	Trade & Construction Jobs	circa 32k + car and package	32000	careerstructure.com	0
47183	68574116	PICU/NICU NURSE	Your World Healthcare is currently recruiting Intensive Care (ITU) Nurses who poses experience of caring for Adult and or Paediatric patients. We are currently working extensively with many of the acute NHS Trusts and the leading Private Hospitals within the North East, and East of England area and therefore we have a healthy selection of employment contracts available. Successful candidates must demonstrate competence in caring for adult and or paediatric patients within the Critical Care environment; you must reside within the UK and poses a minimum of twelve months recent UK clinical experience. You must have the ability to adapt to different hospital environments, be selfmotivated, use your own initiative and be able to make on the spot lifesaving decisions. You must also be able to work within stressful environments and respond effectively to challenging situations. In exchange for your skill set and commitment to our service you will not only receive all of the necessary recruitment support whilst working for Your World Healthcare but you will also enjoy a full range of benefits, including:Fantastic rates of pay Fast track registration and free mandatory training Dedicated onetoone recruitment consultantExpert payroll advice Free mobile phone with	Norfolk - Norwich	Norwich	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	63360 - 73920	68640	ukstaffsearch.com	1
78463	69015106	Relief Branch Consultant	Are you looking for your next challenge? Advantage Healthcare is seeking an enthusiastic individual join our branch support team, who support our **** branch network with cover during periods of staff shortfall or sickness. The role requires extensive travel with regular overnight stays. The successful candidate will be flexible enough to adapt to different branch environments, quickly fitting in with the existing team and take responsibility for managing and growing an established desk, supplying nurses, carers and support workers to a variety of healthcare clients. A real team player who is passionate about delivering excellent customer service, you will have first class organisational, telephone and communication skills. The role includes: Delivering individual desk targets. Developing relationships with candidates and clients. Interviewing candidates and matching their skills to your client needs. Developing new business and clients in the local area. Undertaking client visits. This is a very lively, active role that will allow you to have a significant impact on the branch and business performance and be rewarded accordingly. Please apply to attaching your current CV. Advantage Healthcare Group is an equal opportunities employer. We do try to respond personally but if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please accept that your application is not going to proceed further	Telford, Shropshire, England, Shropshire	UK		permanent	Advantage Healthcare	HR & Recruitment Jobs	17000 - 23000/annum + Bonus	20000	cv-library.co.uk	0
150116	70764862	Education Teaching Officer	Education Teaching Officer Merseyside Permanent position **** Our client, a worldwide leader in their field, is currently looking for an Education Officer to teach a variety of age groups at their bespoke education awareness centre based in Merseyside. You will need experience in teaching and educating different topical subjects to small to medium sized groups that can range in age from primary school children to adults. It will also be your responsibility to develop material to accompany any specific material that you are looking to teach the groups. You will report directly into a Contract Manager and, on a day to day basis, liaise with other Education Officer s to ensure that you are engaging with your audience in a fun and interesting fashion. You must be a strong character and decisive in making decisions and it is essential you can demonstrate the ability to communicate clearly across all levels of the company. It is also essential that you are tenacious, selfmotivated and confident because you will be mostly expected to manage your own time on a daily basis. You will need to demonstrate a teaching qualification and will ideally have experience of teaching primary school children on a daily basis. This is an excellent opportunity to join a prestigious and innovative company in a very visible position to senior management and director level. The organisation is rapidly expanding and offer progression alongside a competitive salary and benefits package. If you have the correct skill set and experience for this position please send a full, current CV through to the email address provided or call (Apply online only) for a confidential chat today	Liverpool, Merseyside	Liverpool		permanent	Rullion Resource	Other/General Jobs	24000/annum	24000	cv-library.co.uk	0
6671	63875202	Senior Software Developer ASPNET, MS SQL, HTML	Senior Software Developer ASP.NET, MS SQL, HTMLASP.NETSQLHTML****K****KOur client is presently looking for an experienced Software Developer with a background in developing web based applications using ASP.NET, MS SQL and HTML on Microsoft IIS. You will be working in a customer facing environment, so will need prior exposure to this kind of work.Skills/ Background required for Software Developer role (ASP.NET, SQL, HTML, Microsoft IIS) Extensive experience of ASP.NET MS SQL HTML Experience of working on web applications running on Microsoft IIS Customer facing background Microsoft certified Excellent communications skillsIn return the company offers a highly competitive salary of between ****K ****K depending on experienceSenior Software Developer ASP.NET, MS SQL, HTML ASP.NET SQL HTML****K****K	Cambridge	Cambridge		permanent		IT Jobs	40000 - 50000 per annum	45000	theitjobboard.co.uk	1
240500	72661097	Scientific and Technical : Project Management  Project Director Jobs in Belg	Project Management  Project Director Job in Belgium (Home Based) Generous Salary and Benefits Package Flame Pharma are pleased to announce that we are currently working very closely with one of the World's largest CRO's to recruit a number of experienced Project Directors throughout Europe. If you are an Associate Project Director or Project Director with proven experience within a CRO and are inspired to contribute to lifesaving advances and to make a difference to many lives, this could be just the opportunity for you. With offices in more than 50 countries Worldwide and over 27 years of expertise, collaborating with Worldleading Clients, this fast paced, growing company can make it possible for you to realise your potential and with an abundance of progression opportunities can make your career aspirations become a reality. The Role: As a Project Director, you will be responsible for the delivery of international clinical trial programs with accountability for financial, timeline and service quality objectives. At this level there is extensive involvement in proposal development and initial project scoping and planning, bid defence activities and contract review. Project Directors are also responsible for the sponsor relationship, resource planning/management, leading the cross functional project team and all milestone planning/tracking activities. At this level there is also involvement in project management initiatives that support the function within the clinical research business. Involvement in more corporate initiatives is also available to Project Directors. The Person: To be considered for these challenging and exciting roles you will be an experienced Associate Project Director looking for promotion or currently working at Project Director level and interested in a move to a company offering involvement in strategic partnership programs. A proven track record of project delivery within a CRO combined with previous experience of leading and motivating project management staff is essential for success. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Project Director Opportunities across Europe  Contact Flame Pharma free phone on **** **** **** or calling from a mobile on **** **** or email careersflamepharma.com Flame Health Associates LLP incorporating Flame Pharma operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business	Any Location	UK				Scientific & QA Jobs	70000 - 80000. Frequency: Annually	75000	jobs4medical.co.uk	1
86791	69114732	Speech and Language Therapist Required	FREE REGISTRATION WITH MEDICARE Our client is looking for a Band 6/**** Speech and Language Therapist for their adults general hospital. They would consider an experienced Band 5 candidate if you have ward experience. Selected candidates need to have specialist experience in Dysphagia (swallowing), provide assessment, treatment and management of patients with acquired neurological conditions affecting communication and swallowing. In order to be considered you must:  be HPC registered  own a CRB issued within the last 12 months  have previous experience If you do not have a CRB, please get in touch as this is something we can arrange for you free of charge. Why choose Medicare? The Allied Health Team at Medicare First has an outstanding reputation for offering a first class service to candidates primarily seeking occupational therapists, physiotherapists and speech expectations. Our experienced Allied Health Team regularly receives accolades and positive comments and command a large percentage of the market sector. Medicare First Testimonials Had a great experience, thank you As it was my first time working in London social services it was a very daunting prospect. My consultant offered great support at all times through the process, from guiding me through the application process and helping ascertain my needs, to support and encouragement when waiting for my CRB to return, right through the placement, she was always available for assistance or just a friendly ear. Occupational Therapist The service provided by Medicare First and my consultant was outstanding. she was approachable for all things, she always responded rapidly to any contact I made and the service felt personalised to both my needs and my personality. Her friendly approach and her ability to understand what clients want has made it a joy to work for Medicare First. Her advice has always been great. Thank you Medicare First, I had a ball with you guys. Occupational Therapist Fantastic service. I would highly recommend Medicare First to anyone I know. The consultant was brilliant  always very quick to respond to any calls or emails. Very approachable and considerate.Occupational Therapist Do you know someone that may be interested in the positions we have available? Would you like to earn **** without even working for us? We can offer YOU **** when you recommend a Physio or Occupational Therapist to our agency. The bonus is unlimited and goes directly to you for every one we place Call or email now to find out more	Manchester, Greater Manchester, Merseyside	UK			Medicare First Ltd	Social work Jobs	25 - 30 per hour	52800	jobs.communitycare.co.uk	1
25591	67772794	Junior HR Business Partner needed in Dubai Retail Background up to ****kTAX FREE	Junior HR Business Partner needed in Dubai Retail Background up to ****kTAX FREE If you have always wanted to get some international experience on your CV and are an HR Manager or a Junior Business Partner and want a challenge then this is the role for you We are looking for someone with a few years good HR Retail experience who is looking to make a move into an HR business partner role within the next 18months You will spend 50% of your time managing your own brand and 50% working with the current HRBP on multiple brands within the company Project areas are likely to include:  Onboarding  Training and Development  Employment Policies and Processes.  Organizational Design and development.  Performance Management and Reviews.  Employee Engagement and Communication.  HR Systems.  Employee Relations.  Head Count planning.  Talent Planning. Technical skills:  Experience of working in HR within an international retailing business  Organizational and planning skills  Numerate and analytical. Ideally advanced excel  Strong communication skills (written and verbal)  Degree level or HR equivalent HR qualification  Project management experience  running projects/coordinating Please include current salary details  basic, bonus plus any benefits  when applying If interested please Email your CV to nicoleCOREcruitment.com COREcruitment are experts in recruiting for the service sector. We currently have over **** live roles across the UK, Middle East, Europe, North America, South East Asia, Africa and Australia. To view other great opportunities please check out our website at www.corecruitment.com or call us on **** **** **** **** for a confidential chat about upcoming opportunities. COREcruitment operate one of the best referral schemes in the industry  know anyone looking for a new challenge? Email teamcorecruitment.com with your contacts CV  you could earn up to **** This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/JuniorHRBusinessPartnerneededinDubaiRetailBackgroundupto****kTAXFREE_job****	UK	UK			COREcruitment International	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	35000 Per Annum Tax Free	35000	caterer.com	0
128636	70100539	Specialist Markets Sales Consultant	Redrock is currently seeking a Sales Specialist to help to build our clients recently established Specialist Market channel, by delivering the business strategy through mainly new (and, on occasion, existing) customers, in order to maximise opportunities for the sale of our clients products and services. The role requires a strong relationshipbuilder to manage and maintain internal and external relationships. Candidates should be able to display a high level of technical and commercial awareness and should ideally come from a telecoms sales background. The successful candidate will display an aptitude to be a skilled commercial business partner. Duties are to: •Seek out and develop relationships with new customers within vertical sectors, including oWeb and software oContact centres oConcierge services oDirectories oAdvertising and media sectors •Understand how our clients portfolio may be moulded and adapted to develop and build bespoke solutions if required, and continually consider this for each customer •Negotiate contracts, commitments and set objectives with these customers, working with them to understand and develop their business plans to build a longlasting partnership •Identify new revenue opportunities within each customer and develop strategies to maximise those opportunities •Ensure that customers are able to contact the appropriate support team and escalation point across all products and services •Be an active, positive member of the sales teams, contributing to ideas, projects and the development of colleagues.	London London England	London			Redrock Sales	Sales Jobs	35000 -40000 per annum	37500	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
196958	71830151	Risk Governance	Primary ResponsibilitiesManagement and oversight of key risk management committeesPartner with both Credit and Market risk to implement specific changes outlined in the risk committee meetingsCommunicate governance and policy issues with risk officersProvide oversight over risk policy and proceduresEnsure Framework is reviewed, maintained and updatedDocument risk committee meetings and ensure that agenda points are followed up on Knowledge Ideally knowledge of both credit and market riskStrong time management and organisational skillsAbility to interact with Senior ManagementKnowledge of risk frameworks and policy If you would like to apply for the role of Risk Governance or find out more, please apply online or contact Chad Lawson at Robert Walters on chad.lawsonrobertwalters.com quoting the reference ****	London	London			Robert Walters	Accounting & Finance Jobs	GBP50000 - GBP80000 per annum	65000	eFinancialCareers	1
101752	69546590	UNIX System Administrator  Investment Firm	UNIX System Administrator  Leading Investment Firm Introduction: Montash are leading the search, on behalf of a top financial services client, for a senior UNIX system administrator to support all UNIX servers and storage Infrastructure. The Role: Systems Administration of all SUN Solaris servers  jumpstart build, patch installation, backup/restore; SAN Storage administration  EMC Clariion array, Brocade SAN Switches, EMC PowerPath multipathing software and NetApp Filers; Secure communication between servers  using ssh, secure ftp; Troubleshooting NIS, DNS and TCP/IP connectivity issues; Configure, test and support SUN server infrastructure The Skills: Handson experience with SUN hardware and very good working knowledge of Solaris Operating system; Handson experience on EMC Clariion Arrays, NetApp Filers and Brocade SAN switches Ability to connect SUN servers onto SAN storage by appropriately zoning them on SAN Switches; UNIX Shell scripting (Korn and Perl) in a Sun Solaris environment; Good working knowledge of NIS, DNS and other TCP/IP based programs/applications; The Package: A basic salary of up to ****k  Bonus  Benefits Contact: Phone Paul Kirtley on **** **** **** or email paulkmontash.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/UNIXSystemAdministratorInvestmentFirm_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Montash Associates	IT Jobs	65000 - 75000 per annum + Bonus + Benefits	70000	cwjobs.co.uk	1
149121	70762086	Primary Teaching in Calderdale Kirklees	At the Halifax branch of Servoca Education we are looking for local teachers for day to day and fixed term contracts in Calderdale and Kirklees. Are you available for local teaching jobs immediately, from February half term or even April?  Long Established and Trusted National Brand  100% Compliance with Quality Mark  Large Market Share of Calderdale and Kirklees Schools  Immediate & Thorough Registration Appointments For the past two years, the Halifax branch of Servoca Education has been working with local schools with the provision of local teachers for all aspects of supply teaching jobs, from daily cover to fixed term and permanent contracts. We are always looking for new local teachers to work with and assist in building up relationships with local schools. If you were to speak to any of our schools or teachers, they would all tell you that we provide an excellent service, with emphasis on detail relating to experience, skill set and availability. Forward your CV immediately or contact the office by phone	Halifax, West Yorkshire	Halifax		contract	Servoca Education Resources	Teaching Jobs	21000 - 29000/annum	25000	cv-library.co.uk	0
81611	69031335	French Speaking Freight Forwarding Administrator	French Speaking Freight Forwarding Administrator Portsmouth **** Permanent Our client based in the Portsmouth area has a vacancy for an Administrative Assistant in their busy freight forwarding department. They operate a road freight service to Western Europe. The freight forwarding department works alongside the companies own transport operation to offer a backup service and support to our client base. They are now seeking to employ and train a suitable individual who will be able to contribute an administrative back up to the freight forwarding team. Skills we are looking for are as follows: Fluent French language skills  essential Energy and enthusiasm Someone who can work well within a team. Great communication skills; To develop relationships with current clients To liaise between our own freight forwarding and operations teams. Strong numeracy Keyboard skills Desirable: Knowledge of the freight industry  specifically road freight, but possibly additionally Sea freight and Air freight. A knowledge of European geography Strong IT knowledge	Portsmouth, England	Portsmouth				Admin Jobs	18000	18000	britishjobsonthe.net	0
11628	66538351	Call Centre Worker	Call Centre workers are required for a busy Milton Keynes based firm . Hours of work are **** or 12002000 Monday to Friday. Experience required , please send your CV to for consideration. Applicants will be contacted for consideration on receipt of CV.Send CV to	Milton Keynes	Milton Keynes	full_time			Customer Services Jobs	7.50 per hour	14400	Jobcentre Plus	0
233954	72483739	Microsoft System Centre Consultant	Working with cutting edge technologies in constantly evolving technical environments you will be tasked with delivering high profile projects across the UK. You will have input at all stages of the project lifecycle from design through to implementation and handover, working closely with architects, design authorities and teams on the ground. Covering a wide range of technologies based around the Microsoft Stack you will contribute as a subject matter expert and a leader in your discipline. Ideal applicants will have demonstrable experience of delivering projects around the following technologies • System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM)  design, deployment & configuration • Operating System Deployment (OSD) • Windows Deployment Toolkit • Software Distribution and Patch Management • System Center Operations Manager (SCOM)  design, deployment & configuration • Defining Management Groups • Windows Server **** • Active Directory • HyperV Also desirable would be any implementation or proof of concept experience of • Service Manager (SCSM) • Virtual Machine Manager (SCVMM) • Data Protection Manager (SCDPM) • System Centre Opalis / Orchestrator • Microsoft Desktop Optimisation Pack (MDOP) • AppV • Large Citrix deployments (XenServer, XenApp, or XenDesktop) In return a competitive salary of up to ****k is on offer as well as a car allowance, benefits and an achievable bonus scheme. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Microsoft System Centre Consultant  Fleet  SCCM, SCOM, OSD, WDT, Server **** R2. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.	Fleet Hampshire England	Fleet			Matchtech	Consultancy Jobs	45000 -50000 per annum	47500	gojobsearch.co.uk	1
18017	66959588	Recycling Operative	New exiting opportunity has become available for Recycling Operative to work with our client who is a mix waste recovery specialist based in Warwick area As a Quality Picker you will be responsible for picking various materials from moving conveyors and for a variety of other duties throughout the MRF when instructed by your Team Leader. Main Duties and Responsibilities  Picking at defined rates selective materials from a moving conveyor  Ensuring quality and recovery rates are maximised  Housekeeping of the operator cabins and the MRF in general  Operator maintenance of parts of the plant  General duties throughout the MRF  Following all site health and safety rules Immediate start **** per hour This position is temporary ongoing Working week is Mon Fri 2 shift patterns Morning ****:30am  ****:30pm Afternoon ****:30pm  ****:30am All applicants please send your CV to midlandssmartsr.co.uk Due to the high volume of enquiries that we receive, we are not always able to respond to all CVs. If you have not received a response within one week, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful in this instance. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecyclingOperative_job****	Warwick Warwickshire West Midlands	Warwick	part_time		Smart Solutions Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	6.19 per hour	11884	totaljobs.com	0
183325	71624125	Part time/ 3 days perweek Immigration Associate	Part time/ 3 days perweek Immigration Associate  London  salary **** **** prorata A highly regarded firm is actively seeking a part time Immigration Associate who has strong experience on the UK Points Based System. This role will involve providing a first class service to high profile private clients regarding UK immigration processes procedures. The Role: Your responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following: Provide main point of contact assistance to clients regarding immigration issues Manage a wide variety of different caseloads on behalf of different clients Provide technical advice to clients, assignees and third party vendors regarding correct legislation Provide advice and guidance regarding the points based system experience of working on the SMS Directly advise on all correct immigration legislation in regards to new compliance issues. The Person: You will be a qualified solicitor with direct experience in corporate / business immigration experience. The ability to demonstrate experience of consulting on the points based system is essential especially on the SMS. Any experience of lobbying would be highly beneficial. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.	City of London - London	The City	part_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Admin Jobs	60000 - 80000	70000	ukstaffsearch.com	1
131019	70177295	Visitor Information Assistant	Visitor Information Assistant, Ref: AD****/07 Mile End Information Centre, Mile End Oswestry **** per annum, Permanent. 30 hours per week Closing date: 05 February 2013 To apply online please visit or for further information please contact our Contact team on: **** **** **** or email: quoting our reference number. Please note we do not accept CV's.	Oswestry	Oswestry	full_time		Shropshire Council	Customer Services Jobs	11,739.79 per year	11739	Jobcentre Plus	0
213801	72238035	Scaffolding Instructor	This is a unique opportunity to join a well established and developing multi disciplined training organisation entering the 4th year of a **** year contract teaching construction and engineering trades to Royal Engineers. You will be a qualified and experienced Scaffolding professional who is passionate about the trade and developing the skills of others. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ScaffoldingInstructor_job****	Chatham Kent South East	Chatham		permanent	Recruitment Genius	Teaching Jobs	30000 per annum	30000	totaljobs.com	0
162402	71199692	Project Coordinator, Make your move Kirkcaldy	Sustrans, the charity that s enabling people to travel by foot, bike or public transport for more of the journeys we make every day, is seeking to fill the following key vacancy: Project Coordinator, Make your move Kirkcaldy (Ref: SUS****) ****  **** per annum (dependent on relevant skills and experience) 37.5 hours per week  contract to 31 March 2015  based in Kirkcaldy Working in partnership with Fife Council, this exciting role is to coordinate the ongoing delivery of the initiative aimed at increasing walking, cycling and sustainable travel using a wide range of promotional strategies and integrated infrastructure improvements in Kirkcaldy. Educated to degree level or equivalent, you will have background in travel behaviour change projects/transport planning/land use or equivalent and significant project management experience of largescale and complex projects and community consultation. You will have excellent communication and presentation skills and have the ability to build and sustain successful working relationships with project partners, supporters and the general public. You will be computer literate, a team player and committed to sustainable transport and associated wider environmental issues. Please visit our website for further information and application details. Alternatively, email jobssustrans.org.uk or ring our recruitment line on **** **** **** Please quote reference number. Closing date for the receipt of completed applications is Tuesday 12 February 2013. Interviews will take place in Kirkcaldy on Friday 22 February 2013. Working Towards Equal Opportunities	Kirkcaldy,Fife,Scotland	UK		contract	Sustrans 	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	23,028 - 25,649 pa	24338	jobsite.co.uk	0
77714	69012025	Acute Home Care Nurse  South West London	My client is an acute care provider to the NHS and private sectors that covers across the South East and Midlands area specialising in providing occupational therapists, nurses, physiotherapists and rehab assistant to people to get assessment and acute nursing care in their own home. They have many years experience and deal with some very well known hospitals in locations across their area. Due to expansion of their patient needs they are recruiting for a number of registered general nurses to provide acute nursing care in peoples homes, you will be: Based from Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London and providing acute nursing care in people s homes in and around that area Assessing and evaluating patients and then implementing the care they need in their home Maintaining accurate paperwork on all patients, treatment and care given Building good relationships with patients and local hospital teams Working Monday to Friday with some evening and weekend work available in an oncall rota Dealing with IV treatment / Therapy, cannulation and venepuncture amongst other things Preferred Skills / background / qualifications RGN 1st Level Current post registration / adaption experience You would need to have experience with IV treatment / Therapy, Cannulation and Venepuncture A full UK or International driving licence Good written and spoken English Benefits ****k salary Unsociable hours bonuses Pensions Private healthcare Phone and tablet computer for completing paperwork on patients Child care vouchers Flexible working patterns if required For an immediate interview contact Adam Southam call me on (Apply online only) (agy) In the event that you are contacted for a role, please note that as part of the registration process you shall be required to provide FRONTrunner Recruitment Ltd. with proof of identity as well as proof of eligibility to work in the United Kingdom	london, South East	South East London		permanent	Frontrunner Recruitment Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	26000 - 32000/annum 26-32k, phone, pension, healthcare	29000	cv-library.co.uk	0
148860	70761463	Drama Teacher	Drama KS**** and KS****  South London  Southwark  Good Facilities  Feb Start Looking for a new Drama position, in a school that really makes a difference to the community? Are you an inspirational teacher of Performing Arts with a passion for Drama that has the ability to show strong leadership and creativity to inspire the students Our client s school requires an experienced, enthusiastic and forward thinking drama teacher who is able to hit the ground running and put new ideas and initiatives into this expanding department, Our client needs an individual of the highest calibre who has the highest standards and expectations of themselves, their department and their pupils. The school is looking to appoint a professional teacher with a strong background and commitment to excellence in the teaching of drama across all Key Stages. The ideal candidate will have strong classroom management skills and the ability to motivate those around them. The position is offered until December 2013 to cover a current member of the team going on maternity leave. Please apply now for an immediate interview	Southwark, London	Southwark		contract	Master Class Education	Teaching Jobs	135 - 165/day	36000	cv-library.co.uk	0
217815	72294242	CNC Horizontal Borer	CNC Horizontal Borer Worksop ****  **** per hour The Role A Setter and Operator on CNC Horizontal Borer is required to work in a traditional machine shop programming experience would be desirable. The Candidate The ideal candidate must be apprentice trained and having a full understanding of fabrication drawings as well as having experience with Heidenhain controls. The Company A Precision engineering company that produce heavy steel fabrications for the mining, oil and gas and power industries. If you would like to apply for this vacancy please email imcgowanencoretechnical.co.uk or call Imogen on [blocked].Encore Personnel are an Equal Opportunities Employer. Specialist Recruiters in the Technical, Industrial, Driving and Energy sectors. Based in the Midlands, supplying Nationally. Encore offer a 'refer a friend' reward scheme where you could receive a gift of up to ****	Worksop Nottinghamshire England	Worksop			Encore Personnel	Engineering Jobs	9 -13 per hour	21120	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
153734	70814450	Tea Cook	Who we are: We are a national charity offering care and support to people. We strive to ensure that they are able to influence what we do and how we do it. This comes from our belief that as experts by experience, people who use services have insight into what is important from their point to view, and should therefore influence decisions at every level of their lives. Our Vision Our dream is of a hospitable society where individual needs are met without discrimination. Villa Maria is a 23bed registered care home which provides care for elderly frail Sisters and also shortterm respite care and longterm care for the elderly. The Home is purpose built with ensuite rooms and all necessary amenities. We are seeking an individual with a commitment to prepare, cook and serve tea meals to a high standard, in order to provide the people who use the service and members of the Religious Community with a nutritious and varied diet. Tea Cook for Villa Maria Residential Home Sit uated in Hythe , Kent CT**** ****QE 20 hours per week  **** per hour (Working 27pm Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday) Ref: R/**** /**** The applicant must have:  Experience in providing a nutritious and varied menu, including home made baking.  Experience of cooking for groups of people.  Basic Food Hygiene Certificate ( or willing to attain)  Able to manage time and working within deadlines.  Knowledge of health and Safety, C.O.S.H.H. and C.H.I.P  Good Interpersonal skills  Ability to work flexible hour s What do we offer: • Excellent a nnual leave entitlement starting at a minimum of 7 weeks • Generous employer contribution to pension scheme • A p ositive approach to flexible working • Excellent training and development opportunities We are an equal opportunities employer All posts subject to satisfactory Criminal Records check, references and independent medical assessment Closing Date for receipt of completed forms is Friday **** th February 20**** For an application pack, please call Human Resources on **** **** quoting the reference number R/****/13 or alternatively apply on line via and follow the recruitment links. For an informal discussion please contact Marion Gaylor, Service Manager on **** **** **** ****	Hythe	Hythe	part_time		Saint John of God Hospitaller Services	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	6.35 - 6.35 per hour pension	12192	Jobcentre Plus	0
105496	69580388	SALES/BUYING ASSISTANT	Sales/buying assistant required to work in our busy store based on shirley highstreet, southampton. The successfull applicany must be keen, enthusiastic, be well presented, possess excellent timekeeping skills,and be able to work on there own initiative as well as part of a team. The DESIRE TO GIVE EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SKILLS AND TO SUCCEED IS OF THE UTMOST IMPORTANCE	Hampshire - Southampton	UK	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Sales Jobs	14500 - 16500	15500	ukstaffsearch.com	0
87265	69120095	International Marketing Manager  ****	Working for one of the most exciting digital publishing companies in the world, the International Marketing Manager / Marketing Manager/ Brand Marketing Manager is needed to develop engaging marketing strategies to drive acquisition across new international territories. The International Marketing Manager / Marketing Manager/ Brand Marketing Manager will work closely with both the sales teams and account development teams to create engaging marketing strategies which will increase new business opportunities and ROI for the wider group in new international territories. The International Marketing Manager / Marketing Manager/ Brand Marketing Manager will; Liaise with the marketing teams and external agencies in several different countries to ensure the group's marketing activity is consistent across the line Work closely with internal business development and sales teams to gain new business opportunities Assist with presentations and sales pitches in new territories Devise and implement Marketing campaigns across the Offline Marketing mix  incorporating Outdoor, Press, PR and TV advertising Create a strong digital presence through creative online marketing Build strong relationships with Senior Marketing Managers across the globe, consulting with and advising them about Marketing best practice The International Marketing Manager / Marketing Manager/ Brand Marketing Manager will ideally have: Experience of working across all Marketing and Brand channels (a good mix of On and Offline is preferable) An understanding of Brand, Press, PR, Content and Online Marketing Experience of using data in order to make longterm business decisions Confident in presenting and advising to senior stakeholders Strong presentation skills The role has international scope therefore, travel will be required with flexibility being a key attribute. Candidates f must have experience working in an international capacity. A background in a publishing or events company would be advantageous , but not essential. This is a great opportunity for the candidate to be part of a company who are passionate about building a truly global brand. There are excellent opportunities for personal and career development within this exciting and fast paced environment as the company begins to grow rapidly. Intelligent People are a specialist International Marketing Manager recruitment agency.	Hertfordshire - Letchworth Garden City	Letchworth Garden City	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	35000-40000	37500	london4jobs.co.uk	0
68509	68787261	Field Sales Executive Courier/Logistics solutions  ****	A fantastic opportunity has arisen to work as a Field Sales Executive at an award winning, world renowned, global logistics solutions, freight and courier services provider with decades of experience and success in the industry. Job Title  Field Sales Executive/Business Development Manager/Area Sales Manager Industry  Courier/Freight/Logistics solutions Location  Norwich Package  ******** basic, uncapped **** OTE, Pension, Car, Laptop, Phone The Role As a Field Sales Executive you will be charged with managing an account as well as generating new business through lead generation, cold calling, setting and making appointments, and closing in order to sell courier services and solutions in the Norwich area. The Company One of the market leaders in the logistics, courier and freight industry, this company is looking to increase their market share, selling courier services, after unprecedented growth. The Candidate The successful candidate for the position of Field Sales Executive will have previous experience and a proven track record as a successful new business sale professional in the courier/freight or consultative solution/services industry (for example Yell, Thomson Directories, Lyreco, Biffa). You will have experience as a selfsourcing sales professional and will generate your own leads, make and sit your own appointments and close deals. The Package For this Field Sales Executive role you will be rewarded with a basic salary of ****  **** negotiable based on previous experience, with a generous, uncapped commission structure bringing OTE to around **** Benefits include Pension, car, laptop and phone. If this sounds like the right opportunity for you, email your CV now to h**** recruit and you will be contacted for a confidential discussion. For more information on this and up to **** other live vacancies please visit our website or call to speak to one of our highly trained consultants h**** Recruit specialise in all sales positions including Internal Sales Executives, Business Development Executives, Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Telesales and Account Management roles. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveCourierLogisticssolutions****_job****	UK	UK			H2 Recruit	Sales Jobs	25000.00 - 28000.00 per annum + uncapped OTE (45k), car, pension	26500	salestarget.co.uk	0
151577	70769050	Support Workers	Cardea Resourcing are seeking Support Workers in the County Durham region. Shift based work and ongoing contracts available for a range of care home and day centres in Newton Aycliffe, Bishop Auckland, Durham City and Spennymoor. We require candidates who have experience supporting adults who have learning disabilities. Day and night work available, including weekends. Pay rates dependant upon experience. Cardea offer a unique candidate training, loyalty and reward scheme, including mandatory training courses and access to high street discounts. All candidates will undergo an enhanced CRB check. For further information or to apply, please contact Cardea Resourcing on (Apply online only) or email CV to bethflanagancardearesourcing or (url removed) Disclaimer:This vacancy is based in the United Kingdom. Cardea only operates in the UK and can only process applications from candidates who are currently a resident and eligible to work in the UK. Whilst we will endeavour to contact you following your response due to the high volume of applications this cannot always be possible. If you have not had notification within 7 days unfortunately your application has not been successful but we will keep your details on file for future opportunities	Durham	Durham		contract	Cardea Resourcing Ltd	Social work Jobs	7 - 9/hour	15360	cv-library.co.uk	0
27818	67934495	Interim Head of Accounts Receivable	Interim Head of Accounts Receivable Our client, a large public services organisation is currently recruiting for a key role within their new shared services department. This post is set to run for for a period of **** to 12 months with the possibility for extension. You will be responsible for resource planning, training, communications, service and performance management, in a busy and fast paced Shared Service centre. You will take responsibility for managing a complex Income transactional service across accounts receivable and credit control functions in a service delivery environment. DUTIES RESPONSIBILITIES : To lead and manage a centralised financial transactions processing centre. Manage the delivery of Income services by measuring performance through agreed Key Performance Indicators (KPI), maximising efficiency and overall effectiveness. Oversee the development of the Income Service Centre, including the development and implementation of an operational handbook and the operation of supporting technologies and management systems. Design, deliver and monitor training and development workshops for core skills development. Develop a learning and development framework that supports manpower and succession planning objectives, maximising performance and capability that meets differing learning styles and needs. ESSENTIAL CRITERIA 5 Years experience in a similar role. Experience in dealing with accounts receivable and credit control linked with extensive experience of delivering services in a demand lead, complex operational environment with a focus on continuous business improvement and service delivery and people management experience. Extensive staff management and leadership skills Have worked with a diverse range of stakeholders, both internal and external to the organisation, to achieve successful outcomes. Hold a full current driving license (valid in the UK) and have access to a car at the closing date or The candidate must be prepared to travel throughout Northern Ireland and, on occasions, within the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, and elsewhere. Please send your updated CV via the link or Contact Tom Wilkinson on **** ****	Northern Ireland	Northern Ireland		contract		Other/General Jobs	25 - 30 Per hour	52800	hays.co.uk	1
155087	71073257	Bid Writer / Proposal Writer (Engineering / Construction)	Bid Writer / Proposal Writer (Engineering / Construction) Our client is a leading, independent multidisciplinary construction and property consultancy operating throughout the UK. Position: Bid Writer / Proposal Writer Location: Leicester Salary: Attractive package ROLE: They are looking for an enthusiastic, proactive new Bid Writer / Proposal Writer in Leicester to join the firm’s Bid Hub – a central team responsible for tender management across their 10 offices and **** staff. The successful applicant for this Bid Writer role in Leicester will be responsible for writing tenders for both framework and project opportunities across the public sector, with technical support from senior staff across the disciplines of engineering, architecture, project management and surveying. The role requires an ability to work under pressure and to demanding deadlines, and the successful applicant should be able to travel where needed to support particular bids. RESPONSIBILITIES:  Support bid strategy development through workshops and briefing sessions with project team members.  Develop and manage a network of subject matter experts across the practice.  Write technical and nontechnical tender content and Identify and rework existing prewritten content where relevant.  Deliver completed written proposal responses against agreed deadlines, escalating issues as required.  Rewrite / edit proposal responses from a variety of stakeholders, typically involving contributions from technical, finance and governance teams across their practice. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE:  Degree educated (ideally English Literature, Marketing or Sales related) or equivalent journalistic / professional writing background.  Excellent writing skills with the ability to write in a concise and convincing manner.  Skills in reviewing and editing proposal content.  Excellent meeting and workshop facilitation skills.  Excellent IT skills, particularly with MS Word and Publisher.  Must be comfortable working at Partner / Director level with strong interpersonal skills. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE:  Accredited to APMP Foundation Level or interested in working towards this qualification. You may have experience of the following: Proposal Writer, Bid Coordinator, Sales Administrator, Bid Support, Sales Support, Account Manager, Tender Coordinator, Proposals Coordinator, Bid Administration, Tender Support, Contracts Coordinator, Contracts Support, Marketing Executive, Bid Support Consultant, Business Developer, Bid Executive, Proposal Writer, Journalism, Bid Writer, Journalist, Procurement, Tender Writer, Bid Administrator, Sales Executives, Marketing coordinator, Request for Proposal, APMP, etc If interested in this Bid Writer / Proposal Writer role in Leicester please submit your CV with a covering letter, indicating your current remuneration or salary expectations. Shortlisted applicants will be required to attend interview w/c 11th February. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.	Leicestershire	Leicestershire	full_time	permanent	EasyWebRecruitment.com	Sales Jobs	From 10,000 to 150,000 per year	80000	JobSearch	1
166213	71296461	Commercial Analyst	A highly successful and fast expanding niche Hospitality business based in Central London is looking to recruit a Commercial Analyst for a ****month interim role. Reporting directly to the Finance Director and working along side the General Manager of the establishment the main requirement of the role is to provide analysis on various aspects of the business including sales performance and KPI's. As this is a hospitality business which deals with catering contracts the role will involve quite a lot of contract analysis using various financial models on excel therefore a candidate from a catering/hospitality/facilities management background would be a good fit. The successful candidate will be recently qualified or qualified by experience with a strong commercial sense. Experience analysing contracts, business partnering with key stakeholders and strong excel are the main criteria. This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate that wants to progress their career within a growing business. If you have the relevant skill set and industry experience please do not hesitate to contact me as interviews are happening immediately.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	City of London	The City	full_time	contract	Hays A F	Accounting & Finance Jobs	GBP 170-220 per day	46800	myjobs.cimaglobal.com	1
215290	72241989	GALILEO BUSINESS TRAVEL CONSULTANT	Galileo Business Travel Consultants urgently neededOur client who is a Global Travel Management Company has recently approved a major recruitment drive due to its ever expanding business, and is now looking to recruit Galileo Consultants.You must be professional, a team worker and have a good geographical knowledge of countries around the world and airport codes.You will be working on varied corporate accounts ranging from Marine and Charities to Media and Entertainment.A minimum of **** years experience is required for the role.Competitive remuneration package is on offer. The responsibilities of the Galileo Business Travel Consultant are: Booking the travel requirements of corporate accounts i.e. flights, hotels, car hire and rail. Issue and reissue tickets, amendments and cancellations Using Galileo GDS Provide recommendations and advice to clients for alternative accommodations, visas and reroutings Provide best possible route for complicated itineraries Adhere to company policy The skills required for the Galileo Business Travel Consultant are: A minimum of 2 year’s experience working in business travel using Galileo is essential Knowledge of ticketing Sound knowledge of global airport codes Solid Knowledge of nett, published and Cat**** fares Able to work on one's own initiative and work in a team Able to resolve amendments, changes and problems efficiently and in accordance with the corporate profile To apply for the Galileo Business Travel Consultant position, please click on the link below: At Prospects****Corporate Travel we specialise in the sectors of Business Travel, Incentive Travel, Events, Venues, Hotels, and Travel Technology. We are very successful in placing people from Junior to Senior Management positions. If this position is not quite what you are looking for then please visit our website where you can register your CV and see all of our suitable vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GALILEOBUSINESSTRAVELCONSULTANT_job****	Northampton Northamptonshire East Midlands	Northampton		permanent	Prospects4Corporate Travel	Travel Jobs	Up to 17,000 per annum	17000	totaljobs.com	0
37743	68293818	Production Manager	Cameo Consultancy (Recruitment) Limited is currently recruiting a Production Manager  Manual Assembly on a full time, permanent basis. You will have experience of production management in a regulated industry (Pharma, Aero or Auto). You must have a technical background, as you will be responsible for automated and manual production lines and responsible for up to **** staff.You will be/have:Responsible for leading and motivating a team of operators, supervisors, technicians and engineers, to drive the assembly operations forward to meet current and future demandsImplementing, monitoring and improving performance of department utilising Responsible for ensuring that all members of the team are fully trained to meet the skills necessary to fulfil the requirements of their job description and to continually review training to meet forthcoming demandsResponsible for ensuring a very high level of staff discipline, and that control is maintained in the assembly section to ensure complianceResponsible for ensuring manning levels are tightly controlled to meet budget requirementIntroducing concepts that will promote efficient and effective operations with assistance if required from Operations Technical and IndustrialisationResponsible for ensuring that all relevant costs are controlled to meet budget requirements, within the assemblyResponsible for ensuring that all quality standards are implemented and adhered to in order to meet the conformance requirements of ISO 13485:**** CFR **** Part **** and other recognised regulatory requirements as may be laid down by Quality Management SystemResponsible for ensuring that compliance is maintained to all applicable Health and Safety RegulationsFully responsible for ensuring that a full and accurate stock count Liaising with the relevant production controller on a daily basis in order to implement the required changes to meet with customer demands, to ensure that the line changes are completed within the shortest possible time by investigating modern techniquesResponsible for ensuring his assembly areas are kept in exceptionally clean and tidy manner in order to achieve the expected standards of world class manufacturingFinancial Responsibilities:Responsible for Profit Loss of departmentTo liaise and assist the General Manager in the preparation of annual budgets and advise on any new capital equipment requirementsTo control department expenditure within agreed budgetsTo authorise purchases, overtime and other expenditure in accordance with defined Company Signatory levels Knowledge and Expertise:Experience of production management in medical devices or other regulated industryLean manufacturing techniquesStructured problem solving techniquesQualifications:Technical/production management qualification Personal Characteristics:Flexible, selfmotivated, selfstarter with good attention to detail, excellent communication and inter personal skills	Oxfordshire - Oxford	Oxford	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Engineering Jobs	40000 - 50000	45000	ukstaffsearch.com	1
27912	67941147	Fundraising CRM Manager	Fundraising CRM Manager Samaritans provides confidential support for anyone struggling to cope, across the UK and Ireland. Their volunteers are available round the clock, every single day of the year. Samaritans has **** branches, with more than **** volunteers, offering the service by phone, email, SMS, letter and facetoface. The organisation is following an ambitious strategy for growth and development which has already seen income increase by **** per cent over the last two years following a decision by the charity s Board of Trustees, to invest in the central charity s fundraising capacity. As a result, Samaritans decided it was the right time to invest in a new fundraising and CRM system to support their fundraising strategy resulting in the need for a Fundraising CRM Manager. The purpose of the role is to support the Fundraising Department as a whole in delivering effective supportercentric CRM strategies. You will therefore need to have substantial experience managing and administering a complex database (thankQ preferred). Proven experience in SQL programming, advanced Excel, Access or other database experience. The ability to communicate clearly verbally and in writing to a range of people across the organisation is key for this role. Communicating technical issues at times to a nontechnical audience. Supporting highly motivated Fundraising teams with their needs to leverage the most from the CRM across insights, reports, and processes. Experience with data analysis is relevant.	Surrey	Surrey	full_time	permanent	SAMARITANS	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	31,000	31000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
118013	69804349	RGN Staff Nurse  ABI	Registered General Nurses for Acquired Brain Injury Service Southampton, Hampshire **** per hour  ****6 hours per week Day Shifts Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking to recruit a full time RGN for a small Acquired Brain Injury Nursing Home in Southampton, Hampshire. The nursing home caters for a range of related ABI conditions and the service promotes a real multidisciplinary approach employing Staff Nurses, Physiotherapists specialist therapist carers to really enhance the level of care in the service. We are looking for a full time Registered General Nurse to join the service to work full time on days shifts. You will be working long shifts and we need a nurse to work 3 long days a week. We are looking for a Staff Nurse who has the following skills and experiences:  A minimum of 12 months post registered experience  A desire to work with adults who suffer from Acquired Brain Injuries  Ideally some previous experience working with ABI, although this is not essential  Must have an active NMC registration  Must have a clear CRB We are keen to speak with all Registered General Nurses in the Southampton area of Hampshire to work in this lovely service The salary is **** per hour on a 36 hour week so you will earn circa **** as a full time staff nurse in this Acquired Brain Injury Service in Southampton, Hampshire For more information on this nursing role please contact Becky at Eclypse Recruitment today This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RGNStaffNurseABI_job****	Southampton Hampshire South East	UK		permanent	Eclypse Recruitment	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	23643 - 26000 per annum + overtime	24821	totaljobs.com	0
108486	69617196	RMN or RGN  Nursing Home  Birmingham	Nurse  RGN / RMN  Elderly Residential / Nursing Home  Midlands **** You are an experienced RMN / RGN in West Midlands, looking for a permanent opportunity to provide Dementia, and elderly care to residents in an Elderly Residential / Nursing Home . This well established Residential / Nursing Home is now recruiting for an RGN / RMN in the West Midlands area with opportunities to progress within. An active and independent lifestyle is encouraged, enabling people with care needs to pursue personal interests and take part of exercise classes and outings. Duties: • Delivery of quality care to elderly residents • Develop, review and update care plans • Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered You will be: • RGN / RMN qualified and registered with the NMC. • Eligible to work in the UK • Up to date with current practices To apply or for more details please call Jo on **** **** **** or send your CV to j.reidliquidpersonnel.com	Birmingham	Birmingham	full_time		Liquid Personnel Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	22,000 - 24,000/Year	23000	staffnurse.com	0
77703	69011987	Prison RGN	Our client requires a qualified registered general nurse (RGN) to work within the prison. The ideal candidate will have experience working within a prison and have current prison clearance in place. On a daily basis you review the patient history of follow up attendees, undertake appropriate examination and tests, and organise treatment where necessary. You will also be performing clinical triage s for clients referred to you and keep upto date records at all times documenting details of tests, treatment and follow up in patient s notes and on the department database. The role offers the exciting opportunity for the successful candidate to work within a great team	Henley-On-Thames, Oxfordshire	Henley-On-Thames		contract	Service Care Solutions	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	16 - 21/hour	35520	cv-library.co.uk	0
19526	67101587	Financial Controller	Eden Scott are working with a Globally recognised organisation who require a Financial Controller to join their site on the outskirts of Glasgow. This is a rare opportunity and is ideal for a tenacious, enthusiastic, experienced individual looking for a career move. Reporting into the Senior Directors, you will oversee the main finance function of the business as well as the following tasks: Monthly Management Accounts Variances Budgets Cash flow Forecasting Stock Accounting Fixed Assets Process Improvement Candidates who have good systems knowledge are of particular interest as well as those who are very analytical, numeric with excellent communication skills. In return this company will offer you experience, support, competitive salary and benefits package.	Lanarkshire	South Lanarkshire	full_time	permanent	Eden Scott	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 33,000 to 39,000 per year	36000	GAAPweb	0
224452	72419880	Financial Analyst	Do you have strong Financial Analysis skills and the ability to prepare and present management information to senior stakeholders? If so then my client, an International City law firm may be recruiting for a position that would be a great opportunity for you. The focus and aim of this position is to support the Finance Director and Partners across the firm by giving them insightful management information. You will have responsibility for preparing, analysing and presenting your findings on a regular basis with commentary that both financial and nonfinancial people can understand. Alongside the Finance Director and Financial Controller, this position plays a crucial part in helping the firm achieve it s strategic objectives. There are a number of areas that your financial analysis will cover but in particular the monthly packs that you will compile will address cash flow, comparisons against budget, review of income statements and analysis of the balance sheet. I think that your success in this position will partly rely on your ability to build effective relationships across the firm and ensure Partners understand the information you provide. Because this is a fairly new position for the firm, there is an excellent opportunity to really show the value it can bring. With this there are great prospects for career development as you address a number of commercial and strategic factors for the business. I am therefore looking for a candidate who is fully qualified (ACA, ACCA, CIMA) and has recent experience in a Financial Analyst role. You will need to have proven ability of compiling, analysis and presenting management information in a way that both financial and nonfinancial stakeholders can understand. Aside from the technical experience, this position also needs someone who has a proactive approach and the confidence to develop strong relationships.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Kent,London	London		permanent	Jobsite Jobs	Accounting & Finance Jobs	55000.00 - 60000.00 GBP Annual + From 55,000 to 	57500	legalprospects.com	1
14714	66744046	Senior Product Design Engineer  J****	Responsible To: Product Manager. Job Purpose: Responsible for successful completion of new product development projects, providing highquality engineered joint replacement prostheses and associated instrumentation in line with Company strategy and customer requirements, on time and within budget. Engage in and support research, marketing and production activities. Duties and Responsibilities: These will include the following listed below and other duties may be assigned depending on the needs of the business: Project management including project planning and development process documentation. Active involvement in development work and, as appropriate for a given project, management of project team members to ensure timely delivery of defined outputs. Conducting internal and external reviews (customer, supplier). Development of practical and, where appropriate, innovative product design solutions to best meet enduser requirements within cost/technology constraints. Design, draughting and generation of other project documents. Design analysis, including simulation (FEA) and lab testing and reporting. Generation of all design outputs for implementation of product supply to market and engineering design support for inservice product. Provide graphics outputs for labelling, product brochures and preliminary marketing. Provide support to Product Manager as required. Investigate productrelated complaints, inservice failures, nonspecification manufacture. Provide support to Product Manager. Work to internationally recognised standards including process, design, testing and drawing standards. Work to Company standard operating procedures. Act in accordance with ABHI, Eucomed and Company policies with particular regard to Healthcare Compliance, Bribery and Regulatory requirements at all times. Person Specification Personal Attributes/Competencies: Strong organisational skills. Good interpersonal and relationshipbuilding skills. The ability to encourage people to communicate effectively and, through example and expertise, create a participative and involved atmosphere. Confident, strong verbal and written communication skills combined with the ability to absorb and impart factual information to others. Able to take initiative and work independently. Ability to prioritise and work under pressure, yet maintain accuracy and attention to detail. Strong analytical skills and ability to evaluate and interpret data objectively A practical approach to problem solving and keen awareness of enduser requirements. Detailorientated and accurate. Be alert to changing situations, show flexibility in approach, adaptability in difficult circumstances and continuously strive to achieve a result. The ability to learn and develop new skills, systems and tasks quickly. A flexible approach with willingness to travel and ability to work out of normal hours from timetotime. Essential Skills and Experience: Demonstrable track record of successful product design. Strong analytical competency. Demonstrable track record of managing product development projects, preferably within a regulated industry. Strong computational skills including MS office skills and high level of competency in CAD (Solidworks) and FEA (theory and software). Essential Education and Qualifications: At least degree qualified in engineering/product/industrial design or equivalent theoretical and practical knowledge attained through vocational studies and experience. Evidence of continued professional development training, which may include membership of a relevant professional body. Desirable Education and Qualifications: Project management training (eg PRINCE****). Benefits: Life assurance x 6 times annual basic (effective day ****). ****days’ holiday plus public holidays. Free parking. Plus, after 3 months’ service: Pension  up to 6% matched contributions. Private health for employee, partner and children under 25. Group income protection scheme .	Leatherhead	Leatherhead	full_time		Bulldog Engineering Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	40,000.00 per year	40000	Jobcentre Plus	0
233123	72480420	Finance Manager	My client is seeking to recruit a Finance Manager for their manufacturing operation based between Newton Abbot and Exeter. Reporting to the Financial Controller you will assume responsibility for financial transactions and reporting to Trial Balance, as well as providing direct support to the Financial Controller. Principle Duties will include Management of the Purchase and Sales Ledger Teams, previous management experience is therefore highly desirable. Salary **** **** depending on qualification experience.	Exeter	Exeter		permanent	Lloyd Barnes Recruitment Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	35k pa	35000	jobsite.co.uk	0
220446	72372647	Senior Web developer	Senior web developer, London An outstanding opportunity has arisen to work for a well known company based in London. Working within the technology team, you will be responsible for the development of the company's range of Ecommerce websites, mobile applications and trading platform. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to work for an awardwinning and innovative Ecommerce company working with some of the latest web, mobile and API technologies. Responsibilities: C Application development using Service Layer/Repository patterns Web development using ASP.NET MVC**** with Razor Database development with emphasis on optimised TSQL Knowledge/Experience: Solid experience of C application development in a commercial environment Experience of ASP.NET MVC Significant experience of TSQL. Experience of developing hightraffic Ecommerce sites. Must be familiar with Agile methodologies, in particular Scrum. Desirables Clientside skills comprising JQuery/CSS/HTML5 Experience of developing web APIs particularly using WCF Experience of consuming RESTful APIs Experience of ASP.NET Web forms Performance Optimisation MS SQL Server Reporting Services Educational Requirements: None  all that matters is that you are smart, enthusiastic, can use your initiative and obviously have the coding skills we need. To find out more please apply with your CV	London	London		permanent	Bright Purple Resourcing	IT Jobs	45000.00 - 55000.00 GBP Annual	50000	jobserve.com	1
111042	69682373	Care Assistant Eastbourne	Care Assistant Eastbourne ****  **** per hour Reference: CABRIPCT**** Job Description: Advantage Healthcare Group is recruiting for Care Assistants to work with our client in the Eastbourne area. Our client is a **** year old child who would like to go home from hospital. He loves interacting and playing with people. He is fully ventilated via tracheostomy, has a nasogastric tube for feeding and medicating and required suctioning and oxygen therapy. Training can be provided to ensure you enable him to live with his family and have a normal life. The ideal applicant will have worked previously with children who have complex care requirements, e.g. ventilation, tracheostomy and suctioning. Shift Patterns: ****  20.00 Monday to Friday, long days at weekends. Benefits:  Flexible hours to suit you  Competitive rates of pay  Holiday pay  Members Loyalty program  Specialist training to further develop your career  CRB Reimbursement scheme  Access to exclusive discounts for High Street stores, travel and other leisure activities  Work with some of the UK’s most prestigious companies and individuals To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (AGY).	Eastbourne, England	Eastbourne				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	10 to 17.5 per hour	26400	careworx.co.uk	0
33156	68180093	Java Developer, Java Programmer (Finance)	Java Developer, Java Programmer Java, Agile Are you a Java Developer wanting to break in to finance? Fantastic role in the heart of the City A rare opportunity has arisen within a leader in Financial Services a world renowned name in risk evaluations, for a Agile Java Software Developer. This financial services organisation is seeking a confident and passionate Developer that is enthused by the prospect of working on innovative projects in finance, whilst being part of a transition towards an agile delivery model. Technically, you will have some commercial experience of the following: Java (J****EE) Spring MVC Hibernate (ORM mechanism) Agile (Scrum, Extreme Programming, Test Driven Development or BDD) Relational databases / SQL You will work within a team of 10 Java Software Engineers involved in the full development lifecycle either developing new systems or upgrading and making major enhancements to existing systems. Key skills: Java, J****EE, Spring MVC, Hibernate, ORM, Javascript, Agile, Scrum, TDD, BDD, Relation Connections Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	City of London	The City		permanent	Connections Recruitment Limited	IT Jobs	45k - 60k pa + Bonus, Pension, 25/day hols	52500	jobsite.co.uk	1
210965	72196687	Process Engineer	The Process Engineer willbe tasked withleading and providing technical support for the specification, purchase, installation and qualification of product assembly equipment. Projects will include new product introduction, capacity expansion, process improvements using semi fully automated assembly equipment and packaging machines. You will also be responsible to provide support for fault finding, correction/process improvements on existing equipment as well as exploring new technologies in automation engineering and process technologies. The ideal candidate will be:  Degree qualified in an Engineering focused subject, or equivalent  Have worked in a fast moving regulated manufacturing environment  Have knowledge of GMP and the regulations governing such an environment  Able to show experience of automation technology and process development knowledge  Well versed in Problem Analysis, Fault finding for manufacturing equipment  Exposed to PLC systems and their programming  Project management skills (MS Project)  A driver of change and a natural leader A Global Medical Device Manufacturing Business Up to ****k Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Apply to Edward Griffiths quoting Job Ref: MPJT**** Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.	Gloucestershire - Bristol	UK	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Engineering Jobs	40000 - 49999	44999	ukstaffsearch.com	1
173370	71430346	Intercompany Accounts Assistant	We are a Shared Service Centre for the WPP Group and are based in Ealing. Please only apply if you have relevant intercompany experience. JOB SUMMARY To provide accurate reporting of intercompany balances according to corporate timetables and communicating with intercompany counter parties to resolve any queries in a timely and effective manner. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES General  Liaising with relevant internal teams to ensure processing is complete and uptodate in time for corporate deadlines  Communicating with counterparts to ensure the agency invoices are in their books and to ensure receipt of copy invoices from the agency are on the system at Financeplus  Loading of intercompany detail onto corporate systems according to corporate deadlines  Communicating with counterparties to request backup or provide supporting documentation to ensure all queries are resolved and balances agreed in a timely manner to meet corporate deadlines  Ensuring balances are revalued using corporate exchange rates in an accurate and timely manner  Reporting of final agreed balances according to corporate deadlines  Escalation of outstanding issues in a timely manner to ensure appropriate management understanding  Reporting of monthly mismatches to WPP on a monthly basis.  Ad hoc projects as required.  Provide holiday and sick cover as necessary.  Identify issues and propose improvements to processes as they arise Other  To be flexible, adaptable and contribute fully within abilities to the organisation’s goals. ROLESPECIFIC SKILLS/ATTRIBUTES Skills/Experience  Minimum **** year’s experience in a relevant role.  Sound ability with Excel, Word and Outlook.  High level of accuracy and attention to detail essential.  Experience of Maconomy preferable.  Have the confidence to build and maintain strong internal and external working relationships.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Well organised with the ability to prioritise workloads.  Flexible attitude to achieve results.  The ability to remain calm under pressure.  Excellent communication skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IntercompanyAccountsAssistant_job****	West London London South East	East Sheen		permanent	Financeplus	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 20,000 to 22,500 per annum	21250	totaljobs.com	0
39676	68353013	Digital Production Manager  PHP / Symfony / Drupal / JavaScript	Digital Production Manager  PHP / Symfony / Drupal / JavaScript / CSSLondon, WC****Up to **** Our client is the only UK charity solely dedicated to research into blood cancers, including leukaemia, lymphoma and myeloma. An opportunity has now arisen for a Digital Production Manager to join their team. This is the ideal role for a digital products manager with strong IT skills including open source and coding experience looking to join a leading organisation that conducts groundbreaking research, bringing thousands closer to a cure for blood cancers. As a Digital Production Manager, you will manage a team of producers and developers and be responsible for driving the development of truly compelling digital products. You will be part of the Digital and CRM Team and will play an active role in driving our client's digital strategy forward. You will ensure that all digital products are effective and drive production planning across the website, social media and other digital channels. You will also ensure that members of our client's site, including patients, fundraisers and others, have an intuitive and engaging user experience. Managing the Digital Production Team, you will ensure that organisational digital needs and ideas are effectively translated into robust requirement specifications. On an ongoing basis, you will also work to improve our client's project management and production workflows. Furthermore, you will plan and schedule all digital work; ensuring plans are flexible enough to react to unscheduled and ad hoc work. You will also work with the Insight and Analysis Team to ensure content is tested, as well as with crossorganisational product teams to ensure that digital options are considered early in planning. To be considered for this role, you must have:  Experience of managing a team delivering digital products Demonstrable IT skills, including open source systems, the production of digital products and coding experience, particularly with PHP, Symfony, Drupal, JavaScript and/or CSS Experience of using development and project management techniques, such as Agile and PRINCE**** methodologies.  A relevant degree Additionally, as a Digital Production Manager, you must be a highly driven and enthusiastic professional with a strong work ethic and excellent multitasking and time management skills. You must also be a strong and effective leader and be adept at communicating and interacting across all levels. To apply for the role of Digital Production Manager (PHP / Symfony / Drupal / JavaScript /CSS), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Digital Production Manager, PHP, Symfony, Drupal, JavaScript, CSS, PHP Developer, Lead Product Manager, Online Product Manager, Digital Production Controller, Digital Product Manager, Digital Products Team Leader, Web Product Manager. Salary: Up to ****	London	London	full_time		Webrecruit	IT Jobs	35000	35000	careerbuilder.com	0
176667	71472834	NPI / LCM Project Manager	Title: Project Manager Location: Sudbury, Suffolk Contract: Perm Multinational Electronics organisation currently has a number of New Product Introduction Project Manager requirements to join there manufacturing team based in Sudbury. Responsibilities:  Leads crossfunctional teams as required to implement projects on time and within budget.  Prepares project plans and budgets, assembles resources, manages overall project execution and risk, and communicates status to stakeholders for relevant projects.  Has decision making authority, and is responsible for the cost, quality, reliability, schedule adherence, and delegation of tasks on one or more projects.  Applies thorough knowledge of change management processes, functional disciplines and technical/commercial requirements in the project leadership role to achieve prescribed results.  Proficient in leading complex troubleshooting exercises to identify and validate root cause for a broad range of process and product related issues.  Responsible for coaching/development of team members in functional growth and continuous identification/implementation of structural improvements Education/Experience  Degree in Mechanical Engineering;  Commercial experience in product introduction and change management (development, industrialisation, or similar) in a high volume consumer products organisation. Must have demonstrated success in project management  Strong product knowledge, with broad understanding of business process including development, commercial and supply chain considerations Please forward all details to matt.odellsrg.co.uk or call Matt on **** **** **** for further information. The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SRG is a trading name of Science Recruitment Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. SRG, winners of the Recruitment Professional Awards 2011 Best Company to work for and Best People Development Business awards, and the only highly commended company in the Annual Recruiter Awards for Excellence 2011, for Best Small Recruitment Agency to Work For .	Sudbury	Sudbury		permanent	Science Recruitment Group Ltd	Engineering Jobs	40k - 45k pa + Bens	42500	justengineers.net	0
185526	71675464	Healthcare Branch Manager  Tunbridge Wells	Healthcare Recruitment Branch Manager New Branch Opening BENEFITS Basic Salary up to **** (depending on experience) Company car/allowance Generous bonus scheme with an achievable expectation of **** year one No on call **** **** working hours Monday  Friday Excellent training and personal development OUR CLIENT Over the last 1**** years our Client has grown into a **** branch organisation. They are passionate about their delivery of “excellent service” and have ambitious plans to grown and develop their UK coverage. ROLE This role is to open a new branch to compliment other locations within the region. Our client has already secured a number of new contracts. You will be targeting new business to supply them with experienced Healthcare Workers into Establishments, Social Care and Domiciliary Care positions. You will be an effective Man Manager who will utilise your portfolio of skills and industry experience to develop the Consultants and deliver consistent high levels of service to Clients and Candidates. You will be competent at new business generation and be required to ensure all company and legal policies are strictly adhered to. IDEAL CANDIDATE Have had a minimum 2 years experience as a Branch Manager from within the Healthcare Recruitment Industry (either Establishment or Domiciliary Care) Have a track record of improving branch efficiencies and profitability Have effective management skills with a proven portfolio of improving Consultants skill sets Have very accurate administration skills to ensure the Care Quality Commission Standards are fully implemented Hold a full UK driving licence. If, after submitting your CV, you have not heard from us within 2 working days then unfortunately we are unable to consider you for this position. YES Rec2Rec has successfully placed over **** recruitment professionals in the last eight years and currently have **** live vacancies across the UK. We are very keen to hear from any experienced recruitment professionals who require professional advice and assistance in securing their next opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HealthcareBranchManagerTunbridgeWells_job****	Tunbridge Wells Kent South East	Tunbridge Wells		permanent	Yes Rec2Rec	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 25,000 to 35,000 per annum	30000	totaljobs.com	0
158230	71130227	Account Manager/Executive  Commercial Lines	Account Manager/Executive  Commercial Lines  ****K City based Insurance Brokerage seek an experienced yet still ambitious and driven Account Executive to join their busy office. You will be responsible for looking after and growing an existing client base across multi asset class commercial insurances. In addition you will expected to introduce some new contacts for the business utilising your current network. This is an exciting chance to join a new and forward thinking team. If you meet the criteria as outlined above please submit your CV via the Apply button.	Greater London, Central London	London			Isabella Lloyd Associates	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
27710	67931618	Senior Financial Analyst	Commercial organisation who have experienced significant growth in recent times seek to recruit a commercial analyst who can demonstrate a progressive track record in their career to date. Reporting into the Senior Manager for Planning Forecasting, you will be responsible for a range of valueadding services including management reporting and commentary to senior stakeholders, variance analysis, budgeting and forecasting and financial modeling. Furthermore your will be instrumental in providing adhoc analysis to the business as required around pricing, competitors and market trends. You will support a range of projects including the implementation of a new business intelligence tool. You will be a qualified accountant with commercial flair and acumen. Your prior experience as an analyst within a leading organisation will set you up well to succeed in a fast paced environment. You will have strong modeling skills and a career focused approach to deliver exceptional results to your employer.	Sydney, Australia	UK		permanent		Accounting & Finance Jobs	$90,000 - $95,000	92500	hays.co.uk	1
60900	68694713	Internal Audit	Our client is a large, fast growing, manufacturing company based in West Yorkshire. As a result of the company’s continued growth, a position of Internal Auditor has been created. Reporting to the Head of Audit, the role will incorporate a mixture of financial and operational review work as well as ad hoc assignments to be completed as requested. The role will be based in the company’s headquarters but will require travel to company sites which are situated throughout the country. The successful candidate will be ACA qualified, possess a strong technical background and have a firm grasp on accounting fundamentals  double entry bookkeeping, debits and credits etc. The candidate must be mobile and willing to travel to company sites when needed and knowledge or experience of stock management is preferable. Just as important as technical skills will be work ethic; the business has a dynamic, hard working environment with ambitious growth plans and requires a candidate who shares this energy and enthusiasm. The individual will have the confidence to conduct audits by themselves when needed and strong interpersonal skills when required to work in a team. The client has said that after a **** year period the candidate will be given the chance progress and move into more senior roles within the Finance department. This is an exciting role which offers the successful candidate an opportunity to break into and progress through a well established multinational company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalAudit_job****	West Yorkshire Yorkshire	West Yorkshire		permanent	Watson Moore	Accounting & Finance Jobs	Up to 40,000 per annum plus benefits	40000	totaljobs.com	0
33392	68181041	Front End Developer, UI Web Developer, UE Engineer	Front End Developer, UI Web Developer, UE Engineer Front End Developer, UI Web Developer, UE Engineer. A vibrant, successful and rapidly expanding eCommerce consultancy are currently seeking a seasoned Front End Developer to join their ranks and assist them with the continued development and engineering of their front end/ UI/ UE offering to their clients. The consultancy are currently employ in the region of **** people and are looking to double their numbers over the next ****  12 months. This will create a wealth of opportunities as they look to add real structure to their teams and further delivery capabilities to their clients. Core skills required for this role are Object Orientated JavaScript, frameworks such as MooTools, jQuery, or Zepto, hand coded (X)HTML, CSS and ideally experience with HTML5 and CSS3, MVC Architecture and relevant technologies such as backbone.js, underline.js and Phonegap. Any experience with WireFrames or other user experience documentation. The company are looking to make moves into new technologies and methodologies including, responsive design and mobile applications so any knowledge or demonstrable experience where you have kept yourself abreast of the latest technologies would be highly advantageous. Eurobase People are acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy.	London	London		permanent	Eurobase People Limited	IT Jobs	30,000 to 40,000	35000	jobsite.co.uk	0
64400	68707546	Strategic Account Director  Pure Play Digital Agency  Up to ****k	An award winning pure play digital agency, based in Central London, is looking for a strategic Account Director to join their team. This is a fantastic opportunity for a digital client services specialist to join a fantastic agency and develop their strategic experience on a range of client accounts. The Account Director will work across a number of different accounts within the automotive, FMCG and financial sectors. They will manage a team of Account managers and will be responsible for leading all digital strategy for their chosen clients. Projects will include web build and design, microsites, online banners and social media and will be directed at a number of European markets. Skills and Experience:  Already at Account Director level.  Strong digital background, preferably gained within an agency.  New business and pitching experience.  Proven ability to manage a team.  Automotive, FMCG and/or financial experience is essential. Salary: Up to ****  benefits. If you are interested in this opportunity and have ALL of the necessary skills and experience please get in touch Email Rebeccaecomrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StrategicAccountDirectorPurePlayDigitalAgencyUpto****k_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	ecomrecruitment.com	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	From 50,000 to 50,000 per annum Up to 50,000 + benefits	50000	totaljobs.com	1
113679	69746166	Accounts/Office Administrator	Role: Accounts/Office Administrator Location: East Leeds (LS****) Salary: c**** Summary Working for a small established company with over 30 years of trading history this role is to undertake accounts and administration duties within a team spirited environment. Responsibilities Inputting and processing payments using Sage 50 Bank reconciliations Maintaining client databases using Act database Processing orders Dealing with customer queries regarding product/supply enquiries/invoice queries Maintaining internal procedures and processes for auditing purposes to contribute towards the maintenance of ISO9001 accreditation Skills and Experience IT literate including Microsoft Office applications and Sage 50 experience are both essential to be considered for this role Excellent telephone manner and communication skills Attention to detail and ability to record informationaccurately and promptly Willing to be flexible and meet the needs of the business and pitch in when required as a valued member of the team Additional Information Working hours for this role are Monday to Friday 9am 4.30pm. 20 days holiday per year pro rata plus statuatory bank holidays with additional days over the Christmas period. Full training on internal procedures and processes will be provided	Sherburn in Elmet, West Yorkshire	Sherburn In Elmet		permanent	Concept Recruitment Group Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	15000/annum c15,000	15000	cv-library.co.uk	0
133685	70250660	Finance Assistant/Accounts Assistant	THE OPPORTUNITY: An exciting permanent opportunity to work in a vibrant, growing company in their friendly finance team as a Finance/Accounts Assistant is available in Leicester. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: You will be supporting the Finance Manager and responsibilities will include  Sales ledger allocating payments  Purchase ledger including processing invoices and dealing with supplier statements  Chasing of outstanding debt and raising of sales invoices  Processing of company credit cards and staff expenses  Analysing of year end  Assisting the Finance Manager with month end proceedures and ad hoc finance duties EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE: You will have previous experience of working in a similar, busy role with full experience of purchase ledger, sales ledger, month end work and assisting a Finance Manager or similar level. Previous experience of using Sage would be preferable along with a good level of Excel experience, excellent communication and organisational skills, friendly attitude, be able to work to strict deadlines and have excellent numerical ability. NB: As a result of the volume of applications we may be unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR TRAINING, FINANCE, PROCUREMENT SUPPLY CHAIN and SALES MARKETING. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market.Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAssistantAccountsAssistant_job****	Leicester Leicestershire East Midlands	Leicester		permanent	Macildowie Associates.	Accounting & Finance Jobs	17000 - 20000 per annum + Pension, healthcare, on site parking	18500	totaljobs.com	0
239623	72629406	Deputy Manager  RGN Northamptonshire	Job Description: Deputy Manager required for a Home based in Northamptonshire. Job Requirements:  Experience of management, dealing with large team of staff. Job Description: Deputy Manager required for a Home based in Northamptonshire. Job Requirements:  Experience of management, dealing with large team of staff.  Experience of being a deputy looking for the next steps Necessary Skills/Qualifications: RGN Nurse qualification essential and working towards RMA or NVQ level5 Interested in becoming an Deputy Nursing Home Manager for our Client? Apply today, They cannot wait to interview you Pick up the phone and call our head office on **** **** **** for a confidential chat Or apply with your CV through this job site Or register on our p****rec.com website where you can search all of our vacancies or recommend a friend for a reward P**** Rec  The experts in Social Care recruitment  with over ****00 years healthcare recruiting between our team, its no wonder our clients vote us their 1 stop shop recruiter Choose a Career, Choose a Future Choose P**** Rec Please note: To apply for any of our vacancies you must: be able to complete satisfactory CRB/POVA checks be authorised to work in the EEC. be able to provide **** employment references have an understanding and practice of the CQC code of conduct We do respond to applicants who do not have the required experience and qualifications. Services advertised by P**** Rec are those of an agency.	UK Northamptonshire	Northamptonshire		permanent	P9 Rec Ltd	Other/General Jobs	27000.00 per annum	27000	careers4a.com	0
99444	69534949	Legal Secretary/PA	Stafffinders are currently recruiting for up coming permanent positions in the Glasgow area. Duties: Audio copy typing of all legal documents for the team. Diary management for the team. Making travel accommodation arrangements. Producing reports. General administration filing The Ideal candidate should have: 2 years relevant experience Strong IT skills Motivated team player Excellent communication skills To apply for this position please email your cv to grace.brownstafffinders.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised on behalf of Stafffinders who are operating as an Employment Agency.	Glasgow	Glasgow			Stafffinders	Admin Jobs	18000 pa	18000	MyUkJobs	0
128372	70088090	Account Director	This award winning Design Agency is currently seeking an Account Director to look after **** of the Agency's Key Clients. This Independent Top 5 agency has consistently grown over the last year to become a leader in their field. Developing some giant brands within their FMCG client portfolio. This Design Agency has been established for over 8 years and would be the perfect move for an Account Director with a strong FMCG focus and a strategic mentality. A highly experienced Senior Account Manager would also be considered for this role if they hold the correct attributes. This Account Director will be supporting the Client Services tem with their strategic delivery of FMCG focused Branding and Packaging work. This Account Director will be required to manage two of the Agency's key FMCG brands. This Account Director must be strategic in their approach as they will be heavily involved with the strategic development of these brands and continual development of new business. As an Account Director you will be responsible for an Account Manager and report directly to the Client Services Director. This Account Director will have come from a Top Design Agency with a strong background within Branding and packaging with a good understanding of current market trends. The ability to step into this role without too much hand holding is paramount. Experience of managing a team, FMCG, Packaging and Branding are a must. If you're interested in finding out more about this Account Director role then apply NOW to avoid disappointment Please note that due to exceptionally high levels of response, we are only able to get back to those applicants who have been successful.	London	London	full_time	permanent	Purple Consultancy	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	45000 - 55000 per annum	50000	Brand Republic Jobs	1
83506	69055589	Deputising Senior Social Care Officer Jobs In Scotland	Deputising Senior Social Care Officer ****  **** Lewis Place Resource Centre, Perth Advertised on: Wednesday 16 January 201**** Closing Date: Wednesday 30 January 2013 Lewis Place is a Day Centre for older adults which opens Monday – to Friday between the hours of **** We are looking for a flexible, motivated and experienced person to join our friendly and enthusiastic team. A commitment and interest in working with our client group is essential. An SVQ 3 in Health Social Care is desirable. For further information contact the Unit Manager on **** . “ This job may have been mainly carried out by women but we would encourage you to apply if you meet the requirements irrespective of your gender .” Please APPLY ONLINE. Online facilities are available at all public libraries in Perth and Kinross. If you have a disability and require reasonable adjustments, please call **** **** to discuss. Hours per week: **** Contract duration: Permanent To view the full job advert and any other related documentation, click on the 'Apply Online Now' button below.	Perth and Kinross	Perth		contract	Perth Kinross Council	Social work Jobs	Up to 22,355 Annual	22354	jobsinscotland.com	0
81335	69025596	CAD Designer / SolidWorks Draughtsperson	CAD Designer / SolidWorks Draughtsperson Sheffield, commutable from Rotherham, Doncaster, Barnsley, Chesterfield ****  **** plus Bonus and benefits Our client is now looking for an experienced Draughtsperson to work alongside the rest of the engineering team to produce ****D CAD models and ****D drawings. This will cover large steel fabrications and mechanisms such as lock gates, moving bridges, off shore machinery and bespoke mechanical equipment. You will be an integral part of a small tight knit team based at our site in Sheffield. The ideal candidate will have solid experience of producing ****D manufacturing drawings as well as that of using a ****D CAD package. An understanding of mechanical equipment and systems such as the general design and selection of frames, large pins, bushes and bearings is essential, as is that of tolerance build up and component interfaces. You will be educated to a minimum of grade C in maths and English at GCSE level (or equivalent) and have good communication and IT skills. Working knowledge of SolidWorks and practical engineering experience would be beneficial however not essential for the role. Our client is an engineering design consultancy working across a number of sectors, with expertise in mechanical, control, hydraulic and structural design. They are based at the Advanced Manufacturing Park and offer a fantastic range of benefits including: A quarterly bonus scheme of up to 8% or salary per year, a pension scheme, income protection, life assurance and 25 days holiday per annum	Sheffield, England	Sheffield				Engineering Jobs	30000	30000	britishjobsonthe.net	0
105903	69586892	Human Resource Officer  No Experience Necessary  up to ****K	Are you still looking for employment, looking for a career change or just about to leave university or college? Worried about the “recession” and the lack of opportunities? Do you have exceptional organisational skills and are you passionate about the field of business? Ever thought about a career in human resource management? If you’re longing to launch yourself into an exciting and rewarding career of human resource management, and possess the drive and determination to be the very best, then this opportunity could be just the answer. As the UK’s leading human resource management training provider, we are now recruiting for 2012 intakes and invite applications from highly motivated individuals with a proven track record of success. We provide you with the fastest route to being a human resource officer thanks to guaranteed interviews with top employers and secondtonone career support. We offer some of the UK’s leading human resource management training facilities, distraction free learning and the opportunity to work alongside some of the most prestigious firms in the country. Train Now, Pay Later: We offer qualified candidates 100% funding through our Career Loan Scheme, so you can start straight away and then pay for your training once your career as an human resource management has started If successful, you will be offered an exclusive place on our human resource management training scheme where you’ll gain a professional recognised qualification. You will also enjoy professional career development and mentoring from our experienced tutors and industry experts so you can enter the industry will all the qualifications and experience required. Our next intake is nearing capacity and places are limited and strictly application only. No previous experience or qualifications are necessary. Please note this is a UK wide training scheme. CVs need to be sent to our recruitment partner, Simply HRM Jobs in the first instance. Clarke Careers is working on behalf of this organisation (the Client) and acting as their CV filtering service. You application, if deemed appropriate, will be forwarded directly to the client. By applying for this role, you authorise us to submit your details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HumanResourceOfficerNoExperienceNecessaryupto****K_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Clarke Limited	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 18,000 to 25,000 per annum	21500	totaljobs.com	0
112207	69689022	Social Worker in Family Support Protection Chelmsford	Socail Worker Family Support  Chelmsford ****  **** Social worker required for the Family Support Protection Team Must be experienced in undertaking child protection investigations and be confident in direct work with children. Must be able to undertake assessments in a timely manner and identify risks. Must have experience in court proceedings. Must have an enhanced CRB and a current GSCC registration. Must be able to drive and have use of a car for business purposes. At Essex, we re on a journey to become the best provider of children s services in the country. At Essex, we believe that it s time for change. To redraw the lines. To see our profession differently and to put Childrens needs at the heart of our transformation. After all, if we can improve your working life by reducing caseloads, streamlining systems and providing greater flexibility  then you ll be able to focus on what you do best, improving the lives of more children and young people. We currently have vacancies in our Chelmsford Family Support and Protection Team. In essence, your role in the future will be less about long hours and more about being a model professional. We re investing in a major transformation as we aim to become THE home of high quality social care. To play a key part in transforming the lives of children and families, you ll need a DIPSW, CQSW, CSS or equivalent. This will be backed up by postqualification experience as a children s social worker. Open to change and ready to innovate, you will be keen to join an environment where you can stretch yourself professionally, make an impact individually and deliver positive outcomes collaboratively. We re in the midst of a **** year programme to deliver the best quality of life in the country while making the savings that will assure the County s future. Everyone has a role to play in empowering our communities and delivering excellent services. For more information please contact The Working for Essex Team. Or, apply and discover more about our excellent benefits and diverse careers at our website . Download full job details Please Read  Application Hints Tips Please Read  Guidance on Criminal Convictions Essex County Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults, and expects all employees and volunteers to share this commitment. Our aim is to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications, regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, age or religion or belief. All applications will be considered solely on merit. Benefits You will also be offered an excellent salary and benefits including: Support Relocation assistance if you re moving to Essex to take up a new role (conditions apply) A Local Government pension scheme Interestfree bus and rail season ticket loans ****  **** as well as pool bikes and a car sharing scheme Lease car scheme (dependant on role and conditions) Access to key worker housing Childcare Voucher Scheme Development Extensive Induction programmes Excellent training and development opportunities Work options that include Job Share and Career Break schemes Assistance with professional qualifications Social At least 22 days annual leave, rising to 29 days, depending on grade and length of service A sports and social club at County Hall, Chelmsford Staff discounts in gyms, travel agents, car sales/services, restaurants, shops and days out Working for Essex welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Working for Essex is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.	Essex,Chelmsford	UK		permanent	Jobsite Jobs	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	25473.00 - 28638.00 GBP Annual	27055	jobsite.co.uk	0
79452	69018344	Product Development Executive to ****k	Product Development Executive to ****k RICS (Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors) is an independent global organisation, providing the world s leading professional qualification in land, property, construction and the associated environmental issues. Position: Product Development Executive Location: Westminster, London Salary: ****k****k ROLE: They currently have a vacancy within the RICS Information Products Group for a Product Development Executive, who will report into the Product Manager. They will manage the development and performance of advertising products to achieve revenue and growth targets. This includes the daytoday monitoring of RICS key sites, RICS Recruit, Find a Surveyor and development and delivery of business critical content, functionality and new products. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Managing the daytoday advertising product portfolio b) Assist with development projects c) Develop new product enhancements and ideas for new product development c) Market and customer research e) Manage budgets and sales targets f) Develop regular reporting of Customer Service activity to generate an ongoing bank of feedback, and illustrate priorities for maintenance and new development activity. g) Liaise with third party agencies on day to day basis to ensure the product is performing well h) Provide internal and external customer support i) Implementation of business development strategies ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Graduate with lengthy product and development experience in a professional information/publishing company, ideally covering advertising related products. b) Excellent project management skills with an agile approach and ability to deliver quality results with multiple priorities. c) Proven use of Google analytics or other analytical packages, HTML experience is advantageous. d) Experience of working in a commercial environment, where commercial acumen is essential. e) Experience of Social Media required with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. f) High standard of written and spoken English. g) Proven ability to build successful and productive working relationship with industry professionals and other stakeholders. h) An outgoing personality, goal oriented and a cando attitude essential with strong attention to detail. i) Flexible and adaptable attitude and willing to travel to Coventry when required. You may have experience of the following: Product Development Executive, Product Portfolio Management, Product Development Assistant, Development of Products, Digital Publishing Executive, Product Testing, Product Briefs, Strategic Product Development, Product Enhancement, New Media, Google Analytics, Product Redesign, Social Media Executive, Product Research, etc This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency	Westminster, London, London	Westminster		permanent	EasyWeb Recruitment	Trade & Construction Jobs	27000 - 33000/annum	30000	cv-library.co.uk	0
120561	69928476	Senior Consultant	Senior Consultant Senior Consultant ideally with FMCG/CPG/retail experience (although this is not essential) is required by my client based in South West London. The company develops and delivers a comprehensive suite of awardwinning softwareasaservice (SaaS) solutions. Working as a Senior Consultant to clients that include ( ColgatePalmolive, Heineken, HP, Kraft, Nestl??, Procter Gamble to name a few) you must have previous experience of working as a consultant to clients as you will be responsible managing the day to day relationships with these clients in their usage of their software solutions, ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction and creating opportunities to expand their business. YOU MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE OF MENTORING AND COACHING OTHER TEAM MEMBERS The growth that this company has achieved over the last year has been phenomenal doubling in size in 2012 and the company is only looking to expand its operations further in 2013. The Senior Consultant must have experience with the following: Experience of mentoring, coaching and developing junior members in a team Building relationships to continue and build on the excellent relationships they have Delivering high quality work on time Improving client sales and demonstrating this concisely This really is the perfect time to join a global and growing organisation that are currently shaping the retail, FMCG and Business Intelligence market and making their stamp on the European Market. There are fast track options for career progression and the chance to work with some of the most prestigious brands in the world. SKILLS: SENIOR CONSULTANT/MENTORING My client is offering a salary of up to **** with stock options and other benefits for the right candidate If you think that you are the right Senior Consultant for this role then please send your CV or call Priya for a confidential discussion.	Central London	Central London	full_time	permanent	Venturi Limited	Sales Jobs	50000.00 GBP Annual	50000	jobs.newstatesman.com	1
139621	70520285	Senior Reserving Analyst  GI	London market insurer has a unique opportunity for a nearly or newly qualified actuary with a strong reserving background. The role will report into and work closely with the Chief Actuary on Solvency II and reserving. This role is seen as a spring board into senior management so strong communicators required, as well as a combination of technical ability and commercial awareness.	London	London		permanent	Oliver James Associates	Accounting & Finance Jobs	40000 - 75000 per annum + excellent benefits	57500	actuaryjobs.co.uk	1
142820	70607773	Lead Mechanical Engineer	Nuvia is a nuclear specialist, covering both civilian and defence sectors, across the complete lifecycle from new build, through operations and maintenance, to final decommissioning and waste management. The Lead Engineer is principally a handson design based role with a degree of team leadership within discipline. The Lead Engineer can be responsible for delivering a package of work within a project within their discipline. Frequent liaison with other disciplines in the design team and the client would be expected. Lead engineers are the main interface between senior management and handson design If you are interested in this vacancy please get in touch	Cumbria	Cumbria		contract	BPS	Engineering Jobs	35 - 40/hour	72000	cv-library.co.uk	1
226519	72442012	Business Development Executive /Sales Executive	Business Development Executive  Document Solutions ****k OTE ****k  Car West East Midlands THE COMPANY : This multi$Billion global organisation has clients including the majority of the FTSE 100 and Fortune **** and is expanding its sales team to secure continued growth. They offer genuine long term career prospects along with excellent initial and ongoing training and only recruit the best. Services include records management, data protection, storage and shredding facilities and are sold to procurement departments, facilities managers and administration professionals. You will be selling to SMEs and corporates in every sector in a predominantly new business development capacity, dealing with IT managers and at board level; your sales efforts will be supported by an excellent CRM system and your own networking abilities. THE PERSON : You will have the following skills; Field sales experience You must have a track record of new business successes, and any IT exposure is useful Highactivity sales people with the ability to build a pipeline are needed You will be professional, driven and hungry in order to benefit from the uncapped commission scheme THE PACKAGE : **** Basic OTE **** Uncapped Commission Car Allowance Mobile, Pension, Laptop, Healthcare, ****5 days holidays Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. BMS offers sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Area Sales Managers and Account Managers. Conveniently located just off junction 2 of the M6, we are committed to meeting all potentially suitable candidates face to face. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com or contact Katie Gell or Tony Nagra on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutiveSalesExecutive_job****	West Midlands	West Midlands		permanent	BMS Sales Specialists	Sales Jobs	30000 - 33000 per annum + OTE 60k + Car + Full Benefits	31500	totaljobs.com	0
5218	62007659	Field Sales Executives	Fantastic Opportunity available for experienced Field Sales Executives to work with our client who is based in Glasgow. Our client has been established for 15 years and their business is continuing to grow therefore require suitable candidates to join their expanding company. Basic Salary is **** with the potential of earning ****K OTE. For more information, please send your CV to elogantmrec.com .	Glasgow	Glasgow			Taskmaster	Sales Jobs	35000	35000	MyUkJobs	0
38422	68309101	Interim HR Associate	As the Interim HR Associate, you will play a key role within the HR Team, responsible for providing proactive HR support to Mangers and Employees. Key Accountabilities will be: Recruitment; Succession Planning; Job Evaluation; Absence Management; Develop effective Employee Relations; Support development and implementation of of appropriate staffing strategies; Develop, review and implement UK and local policies and procedures and support the Business through Organisational Change. The successful candidate will have previous Manufacturing experience in a Unionised environment. You must be able to demonstrate a practical and flexible approach to decision making with strong coaching, influencing and leadership skills. You must be immediately available to start this role in very early January 2013. A leading Manufacturing Organisation. Up to **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.	Liverpool, Merseyside	Liverpool			Michael Page International	HR & Recruitment Jobs	19 per hour	36480	Personneltoday Jobs	0
198694	71848802	APH Claims Consultant	Role: APH Claims Consultant Location: London We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced APH Claims professional to join our client's claims team in London. They are a young dynamic business with ambitious expansion plans operating in the global insurance and reinsurance market, focusing on the United States, Europe, Lloyd's of London and Bermuda. The role will be responsible for managing direct APH claims on behalf of their clients. Working in the claims team, the successful applicant will be responsible for agreeing direct UK and US asbestos, US pollution and health hazard claims for a number of their clients. You will be based in their London office and there will be a requirement to travel to our other UK locations. There will also be occasional overseas travel to their other offices as well as meeting policy holders and clients. Requirements:  Proven track record of achievement in APH claims settlement and enjoy the challenges of a demanding role  Experience in the Insurance/Reinsurance sector is a prerequisite for this role.  Energetic, commercially aware professional with extensive experience of the insurance industry, the ability to think on your feet, problem solve and initiate projects which will develop a sound UK and US insurance with particular emphasis on APH claims  Ideally you hold a professional qualification in insurance  Ability to converse effectively with people from noninsurance backgrounds Salary: **** If you have the relevant experience please do not hesitate to contact us now on **** **** **** or email us at londonlawesgroup.co.uk Please Note: Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Don't miss out on new opportunities, visit our website This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/APHClaimsConsultant_job****	City London South East	London		permanent	LAWES RECRUITMENT	Accounting & Finance Jobs	70000 per annum	70000	totaljobs.com	1
224653	72424717	Purchasing Manager	Reporting to the Commercial Director, and liaising closely with the Operations, Quality and Finance Teams, the Procurement Manager will be responsible for managing input costs, whilst optimising Working Capital, Service Level and Quality aspects. This is a full time, permanent position, located at the company Head Office in Yatton, Somerset. You will be responsible for all aspects of Procurement, including raw materials, bought out finished products, and general site indirects. The supply base is genuinely global and at times unconventional. Key areas of the role are: Development and Implementation of the Company's Procurement Strategy Identification of opportunities to enhance competitive advantage  such as new suppliers, renegotiation etc. Management of Tendering processes, from Supplier Identification through to implementation. Performance Management of suppliers Supplier Development  sharing process, KPI's and product offering. Financial control and reporting against contractual performance Liaison with the Quality department to ensure implementation of the Company's Quality Policy New Product launch  within budget, on time and sustainable Who we re looking for You will be an organised individual who is driven by success. It is critical that you can demonstrate accountability for procurement activities and work autonomously. To be successful at this role you will need to demonstrate the following: Graduate level education or equivalent Experienced at managing Procurement ideallyin an FMCG environment. Strong analytical and numeracy skills Strong communication skills, and ideally a second European language A self starter, capable of developing innovative solutions to complex situations Strong planning and negotiation skills, and the ability to hold the agenda through any negotiation Able to spend upwards of two nights away per week, in the UK or overseas Deliver a complete sourcing process with multinational suppliers Identifying suppliers out of the ordinary A progressive career to date About our client Bob Martin (UK) Ltd is a long established and rapidly expanding multinational FMCG business supplying Global Grocery sectors with a highly diverse range of products, both manufactured inhouse and procured from third parties. What s on offer ****k Car  Benefits	Bristol	Bristol		permanent		Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	40000 - 45000	42500	michaelpage.co.uk	0
6264	62310354	Loan Sales Advisor	Loan Sales Advisor pound;**** Basic  pound;**** ****TE Our Client has years of combined experience in the loans and financial solutions market. Having held senior positions within National Loan Brokerages, High Street Banks, nonstandard lending companies and one of the UK's leading debt management companies, they are able to offer guarantor, secured and secured loans to consumers with a broad range of financial circumstances. Currently undergoing exciting growth plans for 2012 there has never been a better time to join them. Our Client is now seeking to appoint an experienced Loan Sales Underwriter / Customer Account Manager The main duties of this role include:  Proactively manage own pipeline and request and chase customers and 3rd parties for missing items through an effective programme of telephone and written communication.  Proactively provide accurate case updates to each customer within agreed SLA's through consistent and accurately updating the Workplace Diary system.  Ensure all cases are fully reviewed and an Underwriting Rationale applied to each application prior to funding.  Accurately underwriting all applications against current lending criteria and processing guides.  Ensure all FSA/CCL authorities are in place and valid at relevant stages in the process.  Ensure all checks are carried out on all cases prior to funding.  Ensure income and outgoings are calculated correctly with 100% accuracy.  Ensure all data protection phone checks are carried out before discussing any application details with the customer / broker.  Provide consistently effective customer service.  Ensure the customers understand all aspect of the procedures. The ideal candidate will be:  Experienced in loan underwriting  Have previously worked in a fast paced telephone based environment  Experienced in MS Excel and Word They offer talented people fantastic opportunities to progress their career. To find out more please apply with your current CV.	MILTON KEYNES, BUCKINGHAMSHIRE	Milton Keynes	full_time	permanent		Accounting & Finance Jobs	18k - 40k per year	29000	fish4.co.uk	0
27310	67898237	Spanish Teacher	Spanish Teacher A Spanish Teacher is required by a Secondary School in Buckinghamshire from March ****01****. The post is a maternity cover position and will require you to teach Spanish to KS3 students and KS**** French. You will have NQT or full QTS status and be fluent in both Spanish and French. With your clear and strong understanding of languages you will be able to confidently teach Spanish up to GCSE level and French up to KS3. . Skills and abilities required for the role include:  You will be able to teach both languages to the required level within the curriculum, teaching both verbal and written aspects of the 2 languages; ensuring the curriculum is taught to the highest of standard.  You will hold either NQT or QTS status, overseas Qualified Teachers would be required to present proof of UK NARIC and be able to evidence a UK Teacher Registration Number  You will be able to plan, prepare and assess your lessons according to class and group ability  Your passion for languages will be clearly evident in class and this inturn will assit in providing a positive learning environment for your students  You will be able to effectively manage the students behaviour and will have the required skills set to deal with more challenging behaviour if necessary If successful you will be required to attend a facetoface interview and have a CRB processed through Monarch Education prior to starting work in the school. To apply directly for the role of Spanish Teacher please send us a copy of your CV by clicking Apply Now below	High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire	High Wycombe		contract	Monarch Education	Teaching Jobs	105 - 120/day	27000	cv-library.co.uk	0
97485	69265659	Supply Chain Manager	Excellent Senior Buyer Opportunity ****k Reporting to Operations Director Aerospace background is essential You must me MCIPS qualified or currently studying towards this. Interviews 2nd week January Start ASAP Estimated target next year for this individual is to achieve ****k cost down on a 2 Million spend. You will have one direct report Good negotiation skills Relationship skills – both internal and external stake holders. MRP experience Duties: The development and control of supplier relationships with the aim of purchasing the contract and Material Resource Planning (MRP) requirements at the right quantity, quality and cost, and ensuring ontime delivery. The post holder will implement and operate best practice procedures and methodology. The post holder will also coordinate day to day activities of the team and lead negotiations with internal and external customers and suppliers Technical Duties Undertake responsibility for all daily activities within Purchasing across the business. Lead negotiations with internal and external suppliers and customers to achieve business objectives Organise and control team activity for an efficient and effective department Ensure Manufacturing Requirements Planning (MRP) actions are updated for the commodity of your responsibility and the team. Produce weekly and monthly Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Supply monthly progress status reports to the Senior Team. Negotiate and maintain favourable terms and conditions of supply. Ensure appropriate customer approvals are in place and/or undertake action to meet customer approval requirements. Use Material Resource Plan (MRP) and purchase requisitions to determine order requirements and ensure orders are placed within **** hours of demand. Raise purchase orders on Sanderson system from daily MRP print. Distribute associated paperwork and dispatch purchase orders to suppliers. Progress outstanding orders. Operate an efficient filing system for requisitions, quotations, price lists, contracts and general correspondence. Promptly resolve invoice discrepancies, verify goods receipt details, order requirements and price. Monitor and measure supplier performance. Develop and maintain performance measures for cost savings, MRP exception messages, uncleared receipts and unauthorised invoices. Take part in stock take activities and perpetual inventory counts. Improve and simplify methods of working, procedures and systems through continuous improvement activities. Is this role of interest to you? If so please send me your most updated CV along with citing your availability and notice period. Kind regards,To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com	West Midlands West Midlands England	West Midlands			Progressive Recruitment	Other/General Jobs	34000 -35000 per annum	34500	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
7580	64796831	Software Development Manager  Javabased  London  ****k	Greywood Associates are recruiting for a Technical Software Development Manager who will manage and lead design, development, and maintenance of a high traffic website, as well as play an integral part in the ongoing technical strategy of a highly successful online firm. The position will be based in Kentish Town and is approximately 65% managerial and 35% technical and the successful candidate will be accountable for overseeing a team of six developers. It is imperative that you are a detailorientated, creative problem solver with criticalthinking skills who will be an enthusiastic team leader. You will be expected to provide highquality development and management oversight and must be someone who defines success through delivering projects in a frequent, timely manner. Your role will mean that you will work with senior management to develop a suitable technical strategy to meet ongoing business objectives. Critical success factors include the ability to implement highly effective processes, a strong technical and strategic acumen and the ability to lead a team. Requirements Prior experience in leading and managing development teams Strong project management skills and experience Minimum 3 years experience in Java web application development with at least **** year in a handson technical lead/project management role Strong knowledge of all aspects of software development life cycles A strong working knowledge of frontend web technologies, including HTML, JavaScript and CSS. Good knowledge of database systems and SQL, including MySQL. Proven experience in software design and implementation Strong knowledge of Unixlike environments with technical operations and systems administration experience Skills Experience in estimating, validating and sizing of development projects Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Excellent analytical, organisational and problemsolving skills coupled with a strong work ethic Ability to translate business requirements into functional requirements documentation Structured approach to problemsolving under pressure If this sounds like you and you are ready to get involved in an exciting time of thsi firm's evolution then don't hesitate to get in touch to find out more	London	London		permanent		IT Jobs	50000 - 60000 per annum + bens	55000	theitjobboard.co.uk	1
26546	67805172	Leading Global Retailer  HR Business Partner	A leading global retailer are currently recruiting for an experienced HR Business Partner to join their globally recognised organisation. You will be supporting the business and working with senior stakeholders to influence change and culture across the organisation. My client is currently going through a national transformation programme that requires significant HR input. Working closely with other HR business partners, line managers and executive stakeholders you will work closely with the transformation program to influence senior management on HR issues and implement the HR requirements across the business. Joining such a highly regarded organisation you will need to demonstrate some of the followings skills and/or responsibilities:  HR Business Partner with solid generalist experience.  Strong background within Organisational design and Transformation.  Had experience in initiating and developing cultural change.  Experience in accessing, organising and analysing data to meet clients' needs.  Strong, influencing and negotiation skills with senior stakeholders. This is a unique opportunity to really influencing change within a globally recognised organisation.	Greater London, Central London	London			Bramwith Consulting	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
102813	69554597	RGN Clinical Lead in Prestigious Home ****'****	RGN Clinical Lead We have a new vacancy for a RGN clinical lead. The home is very prestigious, has a very good reputation in the area and is part of a national group of Care Homes. The role pays ****'**** and is for **** hours a week. We are seeking an RGN who is clinically strong and has senior or supervisory experience. As a clinical lead you will need good clinical hands on skill, and know what makes a good care plan, and have knowledge on what is required during audits. You will have knowledge of and be able to work within CQC guidelines. As the clinical lead you will be able to effectively manage and lead staff. The ideal candidate should have experience in the following areas:  Medication  Shift Leading  Personal Care  Care Plans  Elderly  End of Life  EMI / Dementia Care  PEG Feeding  Cathertisation  Wound Care  Syringe driving  Palliative care  Pressure sores For more information or to apply call Tina Williams on **** **** **** or send your CV to cvcaresign.co.uk Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by employer. To register as a nurse or midwife in the UK visit http://www.nmcuk.org	Slough	Slough	full_time			Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	30,000.00 - 30,000.00 per year	30000	Jobcentre Plus	0
230975	72454625	Principal Electronics Engineer	Principal Electronics Engineer is required on a permanent basis to work in a hot industry area utilising handson electronics circuit design skills covering analogue, digital and firmware. As well as having specific project leading responsibilities. The role is based in Bedfordshire (Beds) in the Luton area (commutable from the likes of Milton Keynes, Hemel Hempstead, Aylesbury, Stevenage, Hitchin, Sandy. Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Herts, Bucks, M1 etc.) The business are involved in renewable energy and smart metering which is a strong area of growth as there is strong focus on energy efficiencies so a great time to get involved. To be considered for the role of Principal Electronics Engineer you will need to be well versed in full product design life cycle from concept to completion where your handson mixedsignal design skills cover the following:  Analogue electronics circuit design (e.g. precision sensors, low power)  Digital control hardware (e.g. FPGA, Micros)  Embedded firmware (C or Assembler) This is a Principal level role and as such you will have responsibilities for leading specific projects as well as mentoring duties. This will include defining future products and specifications as well as working with International design partners. To be considered it is expected that you will have indepth professional electronics product design experience coupled with a degree level (or equivalent) in an Electronics Engineering related discipline. For further information on this permanently employed Principal Electronics Engineer role in the Bedfordshire area please contact Oliver Lambert on **** **** **** (quoting ref: OL****) View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipalElectronicsEngineer_job****	Bedfordshire South East	UK		permanent	JAM Recruitment Ltd.	Engineering Jobs	45000 - 48000.00 per annum	46500	totaljobs.com	1
229005	72448171	Administrator/Clerical Opportunities	We have a number of long term temporary opportunities available within the Tingley area close to Leeds. We are looking for enthusiastic individuals with general administrative and clerical experience along with strong data entry skills using Microsoft software including word and excel, to assist in a project which will last for around 3 months. If you are looking for an opportunity to work within a fast paced, professional environment offering excellent facilities including free parking and bistro please call Karen for further information on **** **** You can also email your details to karenbrookstreet.co.uk or apply via our website www.brookstreet.co.uk Brook Street are only able to process applications from candidates who are eligible to work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AdministratorClericalOpportunities_job****	Wakefield, West Yorkshire West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Wakefield		contract	BROOK STREET BUREAU   Leeds	Admin Jobs	7.00 per Hour	13440	totaljobs.com	0
124740	69981195	Supply Chain Specialist  Retail	My client is a leader in its vertical market, working with Retail brands across the UK and Europe delivering exciting and high profile products to a number of stores and concessions across the UK.The business is actively seeking a skilled and experienced Retail Supply Chain Systems Consultant, technically well versed in working with PLM systems (product lifecycle systems)The role has a particular focus on all aspects of the Retail Supply Chain systems. The role will ensure that all Retail Supply Chain environments are constantly available and operating and peak performance focussing on capacity management, availability and fault management.Skills and experience within PLM suites such as the following are highly advantageous:Fast ReactLectraTechnical skills to integrate the PLM suite with the inhouse web and internal technology stack will include:Linux or other flavours of UnixWindows Server NT, Win ****k, Win XP, Win 7MySQL or other Linux/Unix based databasesMicrosoft SQL serverPHP.NETIf you have Retail Supply Chain, Product Lifecycle experience or a background in fast moving retail and transactional IT services then please get in touch. This is a breakthrough role which will allow you huge visibility to a company that is rapidly expanding and developing new products on a daily basis.Apply now for immediate consideration for a fantastic new career.Interquest Group PLC is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	Kent	Kent		permanent		IT Jobs	40000 - 50000 per annum + EXCELLENT BENEFITS	45000	theitjobboard.co.uk	1
116974	69799128	Purchase Ledger Clerk	Job Title: Purchase Ledger Clerk  Temp to Perm Location: York Job Reference: J**** A fantastic Temp to Perm role has opened with one of my clients based on the outskirts of York. This is an excellent opportunity for an immediately available candidate with Purchase Ledger experience to kickstart the new year. This is a hands on position in which you will be responsible for: Processing invoices in to the accounts package Matching invoices Liaising with suppliers regarding invoice queries Processing payments to suppliers via BACS Assisting with Sales Ledger when required Ad hoc assistance within the finance department Parking onsite Immediate start Potential temp to perm position ****  **** per hour dependant upon experience If this role is of interest to you please contact Ben Wright on **** **** **** or email your CV to sarah.rycroftcharterhouserecruitment.co.uk Charterhouse Recruitment is committed to a policy of equal opportunities in relation to job applications. A copy of our Diversity Policy is available upon request. Charterhouse Recruitment Ltd is acting in the capacity of an Employment Agency for permanent appointments and an Employment Business for temporary assignments. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PurchaseLedgerClerk_job****	York North Yorkshire Yorkshire	York		contract	Charterhouse Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 7 to 9 per hour	15360	totaljobs.com	0
243413	72690846	Fire service engineer	My client are a very well established Fire and Security company who are currently looking to recruit for a Fire Alarm Service Engineer to cover Birmingham and the surrounding midland area. The ideal candidate should have the strong ability to:  Service and maintenance on Addressable and Conventional panels  Security experience is a bonus Package:  ****K basic  Over time available  Call out **** day in ****  Company vehicle, mobile phone etc  Pension and Healthcare scheme If you are interested in this position please email me your CV or call me on **** **** ****	West Midlands	West Midlands		permanent	Technical Resources Limited	Engineering Jobs	22000.00 - 27000.00 pa	24500	jobsite.co.uk	0
126621	69997275	Finance Analyst	A world renowned International Organisation based in Nottingham is looking for a strong Sales Analyst to join the Credit Services team. This is a fantastic opportunity for you to work for one of the largest Blue Chip organisations within the East Midlands. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate:  Have a proven track record of strong analytical work,  Be a highly competent Excel User  Show an ability to work under pressure  Be part qualified or equivalent accountant/ graduate  Have attention to detail  Demonstrate an ability to provide commercially astute commentary to analysis work If you would want an opportunity to work within one of Nottingham's top employers with opportunity for long term progression then please submit your CV. alternatively contact Jordan Smith at Badenoch and Clark. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAnalyst_job****	Nottingham Nottinghamshire East Midlands	Nottingham		permanent	Badenoch & Clark   Nottingham.	Accounting & Finance Jobs	20000 - 24000 per annum + Bonus, Pension	22000	totaljobs.com	0
243800	72691756	Credit Controllers  French, German, Italian Spanish	Credit Controllers  French, Italian German **** Our client, an international organisation with a rapidly expanding Credit department, is currently recuiting French, Italian and German speaking credit controllers to join their vibrant, multinational team who are responsible for dealing with the collection of payments from their northern European customers. You must be able to speak French or Italian fluently alongside English or German with a highl level of French. They are also looking for a French / Italian Credit Controller too. Key responsibilities will include; maintaining customer accounts, assessing and controlling credit limits and making decisions on the efficient release of orders to maximise sales. Reporting in to the Assistant Credit Manager you will also maintain new and existing databases, liaise with customers and internal staff to resolve any queries or issues. Cash collection, processing letters of credit, issuing reminder letters, allocating cash, invoices, credit notes and journals to maintain a reconciled accounts receivable. You will also be expected to attend meetings and provide data and documentation as required. You should be a highly motivated individual with a can do attitude, someone who takes responsibility for their own actions, has a positive outlook / approach, who takes a pride in their work and wants to work within an enthusiastic and lively team environment.	Nottinghamshire,Nottingham,Leicestershire,Leicester,Lincolnshire,South Yorkshire,Derbyshire	UK		permanent	Blusource I C	Accounting & Finance Jobs	18000.00 pa	18000	jobsite.co.uk	0
86101	69084989	Business Development Manager/Sales Executive	Business Development Manager/Sales Executive  Waste Services ****k  ****k  Car West Field sales skillsYou will have a proven track record in new business salesThey seek sales people who have a consultative solutions sales backgroundYou will be moneymotivated and driven with excellent closing skillsTHE PACKAGE:**** Basic **** CommissionFully Expensed Company Car or AllowanceMobile, Pension, Laptop, Healthcarein **** BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. BMS offers sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Area Sales Managers and Account Managers.Conveniently located just off junction **** of the M6, we are committed to meeting all potentially suitable candidates face to face. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com or contact Katie Gell or Tony Nagra on **** **** ****	East Midlands	East Midlands		permanent		Sales Jobs	25k - 30k	27500	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
54150	68676279	Sales Executive	A Fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Sales Executive to join this growing and successful company. This is an excellent B2B sales role with an excellent benefits package and a structured and achievable commission structure with an OTE of ****k year one. The Commission structure is uncapped with a realistic increased OTE year 2 and **** You will be targeting businesses in the midlands. Your week will consist of one day in the office doing your administration and making telesales calls in order to arrange appointment for the rest of week. You will be expected to arrange **** appointments per week which you will quote and close. This will be through telesales and cold calling. The successful candidate must process the following attributes:  Previous Sales Skills. Business to Business Sales Experience Telesales experience would be advantageous Driving License Strong Communication skills Preferred Skills Experience in Quoting Service Agreements Experience within facilities management sector ideally within the Cleaning sector. This role comes with an excellent benefits package including mileage allowance and company car. This is an excellent opportunity, offering stability of work, a more than competitive basic salary and an excellent commission structure. If you are wanting to find out more information with regards to the product and the commission structure please get in touch and ask for Kevin – **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutive_job****	Nottingham Nottinghamshire East Midlands	Nottingham		permanent	Thorn Baker Ltd	Other/General Jobs	20k per year + OTE 32k + Car + additional benefits	26000	totaljobs.com	0
230561	72452647	Implementation Consultant  SQL  Warminster  ****k	Implementation Consultant – SQL  Warminster  ****k An Implementation Consultant with strong client facing and networking experience is required by our client near Warminster, Wiltshire. A salary of up to ****k basic is offered. The ideal candidate will have strong client facing experience and strong technical skills with SQL Server and Software Installation as well as network infrastructure. Experience installing software in either a UNIX or a Windows Server environment is essential. You will visit clients mostly in the UK, but also consult remotely so that the requirement for travel is reduced. You will take responsibility for planning and installing software as well as training client of software products. Essential skills:  MS SQL Server experience  Windows Network Infrastructure management  Strong onsite implementation skills  Strong client facing consultancy  Experience of training clients. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Implementation Consultant or Presales Software Consultant to join a successful and growing company with Blue Chip clients throughout Europe. Salary ****k basic (dependent upon experience) plus pension. Location – Warminster, Wiltshire Please send your CV through to peter.struttcvscreen.co.uk in strict confidence. CV Screen is the recruitment agency managing this vacancy. Keyword Senior Implementation Consultant / Implementation Engineer / Software Installation / Presales / SQL Server / Access / TCP/IP / UNIX / Presales / PostSales / Windows Server / Field Support Engineer / Client facing / Devizes / Chippenham / Bath / Warminster / Trowbridge / Melksham / Swindon / Bath / Bristol / Warminster / Pewsey / Andover / Marlborough / Salisbury This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ImplementationConsultantSQLWarminster****k_job****	Warminster Wiltshire South West	Warminster		permanent	CV Screen Ltd	IT Jobs	0 - 40k per year + Pension and Training	20000	totaljobs.com	0
142046	70597784	Field Sales Executive	Field Sales Executive  Collectibles and Giftware  Basic Salary ****  **** Basic OTE ****SALES LED BUSINESS: This brand led business has a great reputation and a strong and loyal customer base. They sell a comprehensive range of gifts and take great pride in offering their customers a high quality, diverse range of products.THE ROLE: You will be required to manage an established account base of **** independent retailers a team and the majority of your time will be spent on development, motivation and performance management of your account base across the North East region.THE PERSON:Resident in the Newcastle, Darlington, Middlesbrough, Sunderland or Hartlepool areaMust have B2B sales experience, ideally selling product through retail or SME'sPersonable, natural relationship builderMotivated, driven, career focusedTHE PACKAGE: Basic Salary  ****  ****Commission/Bonus  ****Company Car  Choice of CarBenefits  Full BenefitsNorth East Territories/ County Durham, Darlington, Middlesbrough, Newcastle, North Yorkshire, Northumberland, Sunderland, Tyne TeesBMS is a leading nationwide sales recruitment consultancy, covering all levels of sales positions including Sales Representative, Sales Executive, Account Managers and Business Development roles. Matthew Baker manages all positions in the North East and regularly travels to the North East to conduct face to face candidate meetings.If this position is of interest or you would like to meet with Matt to discuss prospects in more detail please email your CV to nejobsbmsuk.com alternatively contact Sarah Mendelsohn for an informal discussion on **** ****By meeting every job seeker face to face we are in the unique position of understanding exactly what you are looking for in your next step, as well as taking the time to fully get to know you so we are able to represent you accurately to our clients, resulting in interviews that are not only relevant to your experience but also a character match.For further information please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com	North East	North East England		permanent		Sales Jobs	20k - 25k	22500	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
211797	72226418	Optometrists Jobs in Oxford	Flame Health Optometry Jobs  Optometrist Jobs in Oxford Flame Health Optometry is working with this large Independent Optical group in the UK to recruit a full time Optometrist for their practice in the Oxford area. Our client has been in the eye care industry for over 70 years, the company has fast become one of the most established independent Optical businesses around, providing consistently high levels of both customer and staff care. The emphasis is placed on putting the patient first whilst also maintaining the high clinical standards required to complete the job effectively. Therefore ensuring they provide the finest customer care available. As an Optometrist working for this company you will enjoy professional freedom to spend the time you need with each patient and have the backup of a well trained support team. The Company is proud of the calibre of its Optometrists and the quality of eye care offered to patients and is committed to providing the right working environment and an attractive salary package which make top professionals choose them over the competition. In return for your experience you will be rewarded with a competitive salary, plus benefits and bonus. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Ocford or the Oxfordshire area  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business	Oxfordshire, Oxfordshire	Oxfordshire			Flame Health Associates LLP	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	30000 - 42000 p.a.	36000	jobs.opticianonline.net	0
100604	69540785	Client Relations Administrator	An excellent and exciting opportunity for a Client Relations Administrator. Objectives To provide the highest possible level of service to the company s clients. To ensure clients expectations of the company are met where those expectations are reasonable. To coordinate client requirements between client, sales, construction and maintenance departments.Job Description Contact, using standard letter form, all clients on reservation to introduce yourself and establish yourself as a point of contact within the company and to send out Client Guides. Be available at all times for client queries. Schedule works required with external subcontractors, issue job sheets and follow through the completion of work and update COINS database. Organise handover pack and flowers for client. Arrange handover meeting with client and appropriate personnel. Organise maintenance men to attend for half day to carry out clients moving in requirements. Ensure all items on handover sheet corrected within 7 days, utilising maintenance men. Ensure routine work is done at a property and that a follow up questionnaire is sent to the client. Ensure all maintenance items are corrected within timescales undertaken to purchasers. Ensure job sheets are completed, give to maintenance men / subcontractors and returned to head office within **** hours of appointments. Control / direct / manage maintenance men and inspect maintenance requests as necessary. Ensure all work carried out to the proper standard and within agreed timescales. Answer maintenance telephone. Ensure all details of each client contact and appointment are noted on the COINS computer system. Provide Sales & Marketing Director with a report on maintenance by **** noon every Monday  this report to be produced from COINS. Maintenance of Head Office. Maintenance of other buildings, lights etc. at head office. Organise small furniture moving and storage of maintenance items and archiving. Write to clients just prior to ****month anniversary of moving in to enquire whether or not they require any maintenance items carried out  use form	Buckinghamshire	Buckinghamshire		permanent	Brookstreet UK	Trade & Construction Jobs	25000 - 27000/annum	26000	cv-library.co.uk	0
206623	72122350	Corporate Governance VP  London	Leading boutique financial institution is seeking to hire a corporate governance professional to join their team based in London. You will work together with the different divisions of the business in ensuring efficient corporate governance structures and procedures are in place as well as streamlining these procedures. The ideal candidate will have a legal background, company secretarial and legal qualification preferred. This role would also suit a qualified corporate lawyer looking to make a transition into an inhouse environment outside of a legal team. Please note our advertisements use PQE/salary levels purely as a guide. However we are happy to consider applications from all candidates who are able to demonstrate the skills necessary to fulfil the role.	London	London		permanent	Taylor Root	Legal Jobs	75000 - 85000 per annum	80000	legalweekjobs.com	1
35048	68233611	Conference & Events Coordinator  DeVere Venues Ltd  Highfield Park	Conference Events Coordinator  DeVere Venues Ltd  Highfield Park Highfield Park is an elegant 17th century building set in **** acres of countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Conference Events Coordinator, who will actively convert event enquiries into confirmed sales, develop future and repeat business and contribute to the profitability to the company. Responsibilities of Conference Events Coordinator:  Proactively identify customer needs and provide solutions to match them  Effectively communicate with clients throughout the booking process  Ensure full understanding and management of client requirements and identification of further opportunities  Assist in Wedding administration Benefits included for a Conference Events Coordinator:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. You must have experience in Events, ideally in a Hotel/Conference environment. You may be required to work some weekends to ensure the smooth running of events. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Conference Events Coordinator (Ref CEC ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Stephen Robinson together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Highfield Park is a beautiful mansion which boasts **** meetings rooms and **** new stylish design bedrooms. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ConferenceEventsCoordinatorDeVereVenuesLtdHighfieldPark_job****	Hook, Hampshire Hampshire South East	Hook			i resourcer	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 16,000 to 17,000 per annum	16500	caterer.com	0
140599	70577247	History Teacher  Swindon	TeacherActive is on the lookout for a qualified and experienced History Teacher for work in various schools across the Swindon area. This is a great opportunity for an individual who is looking to secure a role within a highachieving school and further their career within the education sector. The role requires the appropriate candidate to have a strong knowledge of the History curriculum across KS**** and KS****; the ability to teach KS**** is advantageous, although not essential. Ideal candidates will also have the following attributes: Degree qualified and UK QTS Experience in a mainstream school Committed and enthusiastic attitude towards developing a teaching career Strong presence and an approachable, supportive character NQTs are welcome to apply As a member of the TeacherActive supply team you should expect to enjoy the following benefits: Market leading daily rates of pay Ability to claim back expenses incurred through working Enhanced CRB disclosure at discounted rates, refundable after 10 days of working  A dedicated team of consultants with an indepth knowledge of our industry Please contact us on **** to discuss options. Alternatively email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then be invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service, and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services. All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive	Swindon, Gloucestershire, England, Gloucestershire	Swindon Village		contract	TeacherActive	Teaching Jobs	95 - 150/day	29400	cv-library.co.uk	0
38830	68346265	Middleware Sales Specialist  Middleware / Servers	JOB TITLE: Middleware Sales Specialist  Middleware / Servers SELLING: Servers / Middleware SELLING TO: Corporate / Enterprise TERRITORY: South East, Southern LOCATION: South East, London PACKAGE: Basic: ****K, OTE: ****K Fantastic Corporate Flexible Benefits Package including Car Allowance, Pension, Healthcare, Dental, Life Assurance COMPANY INFORMATION  Global leading software and hardware vendor with offices in every major business centre  Multi Billion Dollar T/O  **** employees  Market leading product that has independently been identified as the strongest in class  Large organisation that offers true progression and promotion potential  Great internal investment in the billions on product development  Middleware Sales Specialist  Middleware / Servers KEY EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  10 years sales experience with a mix of HW (servers / storage) and SW, able to explain how the both fit together. Sold at C Level  Experienced selling Middleware  Gravitas and experienced new business sales person  Effective problem solving skills  Degree educated  Thorough understanding of complex solution sales cycle.  Experience selling to major accounts.  Good organizational and planning ability, setting and managing priorities.  Excellent communication and presentations skill. ROLE INFORMATION  New business role selling complete hardware and software platform for Enterprise applications, Middleware in a blackbox .  Area is UK but need to be Southern based and will have the complete account base to target (**** accounts)  Deal sizes have ranged ****k to $2.9 million  Target for full year $34 million  Clients to target will be high volume large transactional, OLTP (Online Transaction Processing), Banking, Gaming, retail, CPG.  This is not a home working role  Build and manage a sustained pipeline of qualified opportunities  Middleware Sales Specialist  Middleware / Servers Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. Please contact Ben Tunstall on **** **** **** or Please hit the apply button	South East England,London,Hertfordshire,Kent,Surrey,Essex,Buckinghamshire,South East,Field Based	London		permanent	Century House	Sales Jobs	65k - 130k pa + Company Benefits	97500	jobsite.co.uk	1
239974	72631245	Building Surveyor / Loss Adjuster	We are seeking an experienced insurance surveying professional to investigate domestic property claims, working from home and operating throughout the surrounding areas. Typically, you will be responsible for attending site, checking policy liability, considering wide underwriting issues, assessing the damage / loss, drawing up a schedule of works and reporting back to the office with your recommendations. We are seeking someone from an Adjusting background with a qualification in surveying, however candidates with a surveying / contracts management background with at least three years experience of dealing with insurance claims, ideally with a relevant qualification such as (HNC / BSc Building Surveying and / or Cert CII). Full IT and office / secretarial support will be provided. This is an excellent opportunity to join a market leading company within a rapidly expanding division with fantastic career prospects.	Greater Manchester - Manchester	Manchester	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Trade & Construction Jobs	25000 - 30000	27500	ukstaffsearch.com	0
24147	67639170	Sales Executive	**** Sales Executive  Social Media Analysis ****k  ****k  Benefits London Strong sales skills Driven, professional and intelligent sales people are required You must possess outstanding telephone and facetoface sales skills Moneymotivated individuals traditionally do very well here THE PACKAGE: **** Basic  **** Year One Mobile, Pension, Laptop, 25 days holidays	London	London		permanent	BMS Sales and Marketing Specialists	Sales Jobs	25000 - 30000/annum Mobile, Pension, Laptop	27500	cv-library.co.uk	0
171689	71388872	Business Analyst/Project Manager(Software Development)	Summary: Business Analyst / Project Manager required by globally recognised online marketing business for travel services based in South London paying up to ****  Benefits Key Words: Business Analyst, Business Analysis, Requirement Gathering, Business Solutions, Stakeholder Management, Project Manager, Project Management, Travel, Legacy Systems, SQL, Software Environment, CRM The Role: We are a privately owned global organisation that uses customer insight and marketing expertise in travel services and with web based solutions on an international scale to the benefit of our clients and customers. Due to our and our customers success, we are expanding and are looking to recruit a Business Analyst / Project Manager. This isn't just a Project Management role, but one that requires strong analysis skills so you can work with our clients, understanding their exact needs and helping transform that into a solution for them. You, as a Business Analyst / Project Manager, will be instrumental in delivering changes to extensive legacy applications along with the creation and delivery of new solutions supported by new applications. Key Responsibilities: Collecting, understanding, and transmitting the business requirements for projects, and translating these into functional specifications and test plans. Analyse and document business processes. Document workflows and results of business analysis and obtain signoff from stakeholders on the specifications. To provide the link between the development team and business representatives regarding software functionality, throughout the development lifecycle. Analyse data effectively to produce reports or supporting information to assist in the resolution of issues or the production of detailed specifications. Create status reports and other appropriate updates to be produced as required for stakeholders showing progress against outstanding milestones, status, resource requirements, issues, risks and dependencies. Skills: Experience writing requirements specifications for Information Systems. Successful project implementation in a software environment. Proven experience of analysing data using appropriate tools and an excellent working knowledge of SQL with the ability to create complex queries if necessary. Experience of the whole project life cycle, able to operate in the initial conceptual design stage, in the depths of system testing, and at each stage in between Working knowledge of MS Project and Prince 2 Experience of working with Client Relationship Management systems and having exposure to Travel and Benefits programmes would be desirable. Results orientated with good communication and interpersonal skills. The ability to have a strong impact and influence key decisions Due to an extensive amount of new project work, this is an excellent time to be joining this organisation as you will be have influence over the evolving and innovative approaches for the future design and development of this work. With easy commutes via the M25/M23 and two busy London Train stations in the area, they are easily reached by road and rail, meaning the commute to work is quick and easy. Think IT Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this role under UK Government regulations CEAEBR ****	South East England, Surrey	Surrey			Think IT Recruitment Ltd	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
83789	69059414	Outstanding Real Estate role  New Year Interviews  Apply ASAP	This national Real Estate team is highly regarded as one of the most experienced in the country. Their client portfolio includes developers, occupiers, lenders and public authorities and team advises across a whole spectrum of property law such as core property, planning and construction to tax. They are currently looking for a high calibre 35 years PQE Solicitor to join the team in Southampton. You will need good commercial real estate experience; residential development exposure would be a benefit but is not essential. The role involves working within a team of senior level associates and partners along with teams from corporate and banking. You will also be expected to provide supervision to junior members of the team. The client portfolio is strong and includes well known developers, landowners, investors and banks and active involvement in building this portfolio would be desired. An excellent remuneration package is on offer with a transparent and supported career progression plan. Get in touch ASAP to be shortlisted before the holidays and get your process in play for new year interviews.	Southampton	Southampton		permanent	Pro Legal Recruitment	Legal Jobs	45000 - 55000 per annum + dependant on experience	50000	legalweekjobs.com	1
217698	72288453	MOTOR VEHICLE TECHNICIAN / MECHANIC, ESSEX	Motor Vehicle Technician / Mechanic, Essex: An excellent opportunity has arisen for a qualified Motor Vehicle Technician / Mechanic in Great Dunmow, Essex. This is working for a dynamic servicing and MOT Centre which has a reputation for great service and is part of the UK’s fastest growing tyre retailer and wholesaler, employing over **** people. THE ROLEOur client is looking for a qualified Motor Vehicle Technician / Mechanic to: Be responsible for carrying out repairs and servicing on a wide range of vehicles Fit tyres, brakes and exhausts Carry out Class 4 and 7 MOT inspections Hold a valid MOT tester licence.  Have a full UK Driving LicenceTHE PERSONFor the role of Motor Vehicle Technician / Mechanic , applicants must have good customer service and time management skills, with the ability to work on your own initiative and as part of a team. You should have a flexible and positive approach and an upbeat and professional manner, taking pride in delivering an excellent service to customers.For this role of Motor Vehicle Technician / Mechanic you will receive a salary package of **** to **** per annum plus bonus depending on the person and experience. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so.Applications for the role of Motor Vehicle Technician / Mechanic will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered.We look forward to hearing from youAutomotive, Motor, Fast Fit, Mechanic, Technician, MOT, Class 4, Cars, Vehicles, fleet,	London	London	full_time		Hot Recruitment	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	30000	30000	careerbuilder.com	0
40955	68368103	Science technician	My client is a secondary school in Liverpool, looking to for a Science Technician to provide temporary cover in the school. Purpose of Job: Under the (overall) control of the Senior Science Technician, to coordinate the use of practical resources and facilities and provide assistance and advice in meeting the practical needs of the science curriculum, including liaising with teaching staff and support staff outside the department. Key tasks: ****) Preparation of demonstration and practical work within the Science Department, including all work for public examination. Retrieving and clearing away after use. ****) Offering advice to pupils, students and teaching staff on the technical requirements and practical needs of the curriculum, particularly within Chemistry/Biology. ****) Preparation of demonstration and practical work to meet the requirements of either afterschool lessons/clubs or the delivery and collection of apparatus to local Primary schools as the need arises. ****) To assist the Senior Technician with the daytoday organisation and development of technical staff to ensure that essential performance standards are achieved ****) To maintain the levels of reprographic materials, such as worksheet and tests, to meet the requirements of the Science department. Responsibilities: The post holder may not perform all of these responsibilities personally but must ensure they are done to fulfil the job purpose. ****) To support the Senior Technician in ensuring the availability of suitable materials and equipment and helping to compile orders. Keeping uptodate records of stock and making recommendations when new supplies are required. ****) To ensure and promote the maintenance of a healthy and safe working environment. ****) Ensuring supply of all practical and demonstration requests to Science lessons along with the smooth running of ordering system. ****) Under the (overall) guidance of the Senior technician, to ensure that both routine and nonroutine checking, cleaning, maintenance, calibration, testing and repairing of equipment are carried out to the required standard. To maintain records of repair and maintenance. Review: This job description is only a general indication of the scope of the duties involved. These may be varied from timetotime, after discussion and in the light of individual strengths and the developing needs of the individual, the area of responsibility and the needs of the school. The duties and responsibilities in this job description are not exhaustive. The post holder may be required to undertake other duties, which are commensurate with the grade. To find out more about these fantastic opportunities and other support services jobs in Liverpool, please contact Simeon Pollard at the Hays Education Liverpool office on **** **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Merseyside	Merseyside	full_time	permanent	HAYS	Teaching Jobs	259 - 333 per week	14208	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
81670	69033021	Software Consultant	Software Implementation Consultant – This company develops and markets an advanced range of software solutions (MIS) used by Local Authorities, Utilities and Civil Engineering and has an enviable record for delivering quality solutions. PERSON SKILLS: Track record of implementing large scale sophisticated software applications Skilled in developing strong client relationships Software integration, data structure and processes Experience with presentations, presales project management Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to explain technical documentation to clients Desirable: Ideally possessing a technical degree; experience of Local Government, Utilities, Civil Engineering or construction markets; any experience with Asset Management, Maintenance Management Solutions, GIS or Highways would be advantageous. THE ROLE: The software implementation consultant role will involve providing advice guidance on functional implementation of application software, project management, training, and presales consultancy involving assisting with presentations to clients. The Software Consultant will be expected to develop strong relationships with clients ensuring they gain maximum benefit from the software. You will also provide ongoing support, consultancy and account management to existing customers. Excellent opportunity to join a thriving and expanding company. This role is based from offices near Luton and you must live within commuting distance or be prepared to relocate. Salary to **** however our client would also consider candidates who earn in excess of the salary band who fulfil all the requirements. **** to ****  car  share option scheme  benefits This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareConsultant_job****	Bedfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Actis Recruitment.	IT Jobs	From 30,000 to 40,000 per annum 30,000 to 40,000 + car + share opt	35000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
63552	68704388	Mechanical Engineer  Propulsion / Velocity	Based in Surrey the Propulsion / Mechanical Design Engineer will be focused on a range of exciting projects within the Space and Aerospace industry, responsibilities will include developing new propulsion systems for low earth orbit, with a focus on detailed design in Solidworks, completing manufacturing drawings, documentation and writing detailed assembly and test procedures. As the successful candidate you will have a good relevant degree in Mechanical Engineering or Aerospace Engineering, with a background in the Space or Aerospace industry, with a strong knowledge of Solidworks (or a similar ****D CAD package). Other areas of interest will include: hands on knowledge of testing or test instrumentation, a knowledge of rocket propulsion systems or filters/actuators and Bill of Materials (BOM) Surrey the Propulsion / Mechanical Design Engineer, ****D CAD package, rocket propulsion systems or filters/actuators and Bill of Materials (BOM) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalEngineerPropulsionVelocity_job****	Surrey South East	Surrey		permanent	IC 3e	Engineering Jobs	35000 - 55000 per annum	45000	totaljobs.com	1
67491	68718750	Consultant Radiologist  Cross Sectional Imaging / Gastrointestinal and Urological	TO APPLY PLEASE ENSURE YOU ONLY DOWNLOAD, COMPLETE AND SUBMIT THE JOB PACK AVAILABLE FROM www.nhsggc.org.uk/consultantposts NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde is the largest National Health Service provider in Scotland with an annual operating budget of just under **** billion. Throughout ****  **** NHSGGC has invested 15 million in new facilities and equipment, specifically in the areas of CT, MRI, Ultrasound, Digital Mammography, PET CT / SPECT, Angiography and General Digital Imaging. The South Imaging sector includes Southern General Hospital, Victoria Infirmary and New Victoria Hospital. We are looking for an enthusiastic motivated and highly skilled Radiologist in Cross Sectional Imaging/Gastrointestinal and Urological to join a team of 19 radiologists within the South Sector to further support and develop services. Those trained in the UK should have evidence of higher specialist training leading to CCT or eligibility for specialist registration (CESR) or be within 6 months of confirmed entry from date of Interview. Employer details: To apply use the Job Packs link above to download an application pack. Alternatively, email your address details and the job ref to nhsggcrecruitmentnhs.net or call **** **** ****	GreaterGlasgow	UK		permanent	NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	74504.00 to 100446.00	87475	jobs.scot.nhs.uk	1
41197	68378926	Commercial Finance Manager	Our client a leading pharmaceutical business based in Central London is looking to recruit a Commercial Finance Manager for minimum 6month contract. Working within the Research & Development division the main requirement of the role is to manage a research and development budget of ****m. The successful candidate will have extensive experience managing a budget of a similar size, which is purely cost base driven with no revenue attached. The candidate will also need to demonstrate they are an effective business partner as they were responsible for providing this support to cost centre mangers and project mangers. This position is ideal for a qualified accountant who has progressed in a highly commercial business which required close relationships to be built with both finance and nonfinance staff. The candidate must have the ability to understand the underlying cost drivers and possess strong analytical skills to analyse internal & external data from a wide range of sources to drive commercial insight. Key Skills  Strong analytical skills and understanding of KPI and cost drivers  Strong financial knowledge of modelling, analysis, evaluation and forecasting  Experience working in cross functional teams and across a matrix environment Qualifications & Skills  Fully Qualified ACA/ACCA/CIMA  Blue chip commercial experience  Strong analytical & accounting skills  Excellent interpersonal skills demonstrated by creation of a network of key partners within finance and across a matrixed environment  Highly motivated, strong drive, track record of achieving tight deadlines  Project Management skills with ability to prioritise multiple tasks Interviews taking place immediately for high calibre candidatesHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	City of London	The City	full_time	contract	Hays A F	Accounting & Finance Jobs	GBP 350-450 per day	96000	myjobs.cimaglobal.com	1
216232	72244680	Dual Site Concession Manager  Super Cool Luxury British Brand	Dual Site Concession Manager  Super Cool Luxury British Brand Central London  Major Luxury Department Store Group on Oxford Street up to ****  Commission  Generous Staff Discount The Concession Manager Opportunity: Aspinal of London is a luxury leather goods brand with a distinctive British sensibility and growing international recognition. This multichannel retailer operates ecommerce in the UK and USA as well as stores and concessions across London and the UK. Aspinal of London employs a team who strive to achieve the highest standards of quality and care throughout the organisation, in keeping with its luxury positioning and has a vacancy for a dual site Concession Manager. Aspinal of London is founded on the fundamental premise of offering our customers beautiful stylish leather goods and gifts of the highest quality and superb value. Each item is created by our designers and handmade by genuine craftsmen using only the finest full grain quality Italian and English leathers, sumptuous suede interiors and the finest hardware. Our stores and sites will always reflect those same goals and above all our service, demeanour and attitude should outshine our competitors, leaving a lasting impression and ensuring every customer experience will be remembered. As a representative of the Brand the successful Concession Manager will embody these goals and strive every day to maintain and exceed these expectations. Primary Responsibilities will be: > To provide consistently high levels of customer service, individually and as a team role model > Maximise takings at every opportunity by listening, connecting and inspiring the customer > Manage all areas of book stock accuracy and shrinkage in line with targets > Manage all aspects of cash and credit within the store > Protect the companies property and image at all times > Manage all aspects of discount and stock write off > Monitor and develop all aspects of Sales growth; selling, conversion and service including rotas and staff scheduling > Deliver store costs within budget > Deliver all visual aspects of the Aspinal brand > Recruit and train a high calibre team capable of delivering and exceeding expectations > Maximise customer data capture to meet acquisition targets > Ensure you and your team accurately follow all Aspinal processes and procedures > Guide, train, develop and inspire your team to consistently deliver the best customer service and handle all customer feedback timely and appropriately > Ensure you and your team represent the Aspinal brand through look and behaviour at all times > All aspects of people management, upholding the companies values and beliefs > Create an equal opportunities environment > Protect the confidentially aspects of the brand > Create a safe and healthy environment at all times for staff and customers The ideal Concession Manager will have: > A passion for making things happen > Proven and demonstrable history of successfully growing a luxury brand > The ability to lead a team, to motivate and nurture whilst imparting knowledge and expertise > Can demonstrate strong business judgement and decisionmaking skills; ability to identify, prioritize, and articulate highest impact initiatives > Tenacity and attention to detail to ensure no opportunities are missed and that risks are minimised Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. The Concession Manager is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com – The UK's first online recruitment agency created **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DualSiteConcessionManagerSuperCoolLuxuryBritishBrand_job****	Central London / West End London South East	London		permanent	RecruitmentRevolution.com Limited	Sales Jobs	Up to 33,000 per annum + Commission + Generous Staff Discount	33000	totaljobs.com	0
63611	68704551	Manufacturing Engineer	An AIT Manufacturing Engineer is required for a ****month rolling contract role based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire paying ****  ****/hr Limited Company Rate D.O.E. Would you like to work for a leading satellite manufacturer in Stevenage?? Our client is a world leader in the design and manufacture of satellite systems. Their activities cover complete civil and military telecommunications and Earth observation systems, science and navigation programmes, together with avionics and a wide range of space equipment and associated ground infrastructure. We are currently recruiting for an AIT Manufacturing Engineer in Stevenage, Hertfordshire to join our team. Job Profile: An experienced Manufacturing Engineer is required to support shop floor activities and prepare work instructions for use on the shop floor, detailing the assembly requirements for satellite structures, panels for CPS as well as providing shop floor support for the areas mentioned. The Manufacturing Engineer will also create work instructions and other build documentation. Key Responsibilities: The Manufacturing Engineers key responsibilities will be to:  Provide an extension of the Manufacturing Engineering organisation to the workshop(s).  Deal with the daytoday build operations and Work Instruction queries so as to maintain shop throughput.  Maintain close liaison with the production technician teams on the assembly shop(s).  Identify proposed solutions to different working problems experienced.  Continue familiarisation/involvement with the processes being developed for the manufacture and installation of Spacecraft components and subassemblies.  Take on wide ranging involvement including structural build and propulsion system and sub assembly techniques.  Assist in the writing of Training Modules and support their implementation  Write Development Plans/RDWRs, Work Instructions and other documentation as required.  Liaise with the AIT Managers, Planning Engineers, Design Engineers, Quality, Area Supervisors and Team Leaders assigned to each project for all manufacture, assembly, and configuration requirements in respect of product construction and delivery status.  Instigate request and purchase of tooling and small shop aids as necessary to support shop floor activities and aid incycle time reduction  Monitor and aim to continually improve Health and Safety aspects in conjunction with the area Supervisors and Team Leaders. Qualifications and/or Skills Degree/HNC or equivalent in an Engineering related discipline Previous Experience  Previous experience in a Manufacturing engineering role  Appreciation of manufacturing techniques  Creation of build documentation to ensure clear instructions are given to shop floor operators. These should also define and build quality and offer full traceability.  Time served engineering apprenticeship or equivalent qualifications  A background ideally in an Aerospace engineering/ Defence/ Aviation environment, preferably within the space sector. Please apply online for further information, or send an up to date CV The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SCom is a trading name of S.com Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManufacturingEngineer_job****	Stevenage Hertfordshire South East	UK		contract	SCom	Other/General Jobs	20.00 - 24.00 per hour	42240	totaljobs.com	0
32698	68099145	Business Development Manager	You will Identify and develop client/business relationships in a highly professional and competitive environment. You will assess the needs of each client and develop needs based solutions on a case by case basis. You will strike an even balance between time on the phone with time face to face with your customers to maximise your return on investment. The key ingredients we`re looking for is talent and hunger. This industry is highly competitive and requires sales and service focussed individuals who are prepared to go that extra mile to succeed. You will have first class communication skills, have entrepeneurial spirit, boundless enthusiasm and a natural drive and determination  so quite a lot. This role is not for the faint hearted so Account Managers looking for an easy life need not apply. Ideally you`ll have a minimum of ****218 months front line selling experience. Industry leading training and development will be offered but the basics of selling must be in place A GlobalFTSE 250 company that is seen as the No.1 player in it`s field Flexible basic salaries based on experience with attractive OTE and genuinefast track career opportunities Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManager_job****	West London London South East	East Sheen		permanent	Michael Page Sales	Sales Jobs	24000 to 38000 per annum	31000	totaljobs.com	0
105457	69578280	Senior Ecologist	Excellent opportunity to become part of a respected and ambitious company with excellent career prospects and international opportunities. This is an exciting opportunity for an ecologist looking for a challenge to build an exceptional career. My client's ecology business provides real opportunities for you to join their dynamic and respected ecology team. They are working on a range of projects in the UK, Europe and the middle East and require committed scientists to support teams' project work. Primary Job Responsibilities As a Senior ecologist you will be joining a successful and dynamic sixty strong team and reporting to theEdinburghteam lead. You will be based inEdinburghand your main responsibilities will include:  Supporting our Edinburgh Principal ecologist and project delivery  Leading ecology surveys.  Supporting business development  Planning and resourcing ecological field surveys  Producing quality assured ecology deliverables and mentoring junior staff Essential:  An honours degree in ecology or closely related field  An experienced ecology surveyor and a good field scientist  IEEM membership  Capable of managing a challenging workload subject to change at short notice  Good communication and IT skills  Ability to write clear, concise reports  Driving licence Desirable:  CEnv  Postgraduate degree  Protected species licence(s)  An ecological specialism  GIS skills  Working knowledge of the Habitats Directive **** (as amended)We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as N/A /JobSeeking/SeniorEcologist_job****	City of Edinburgh - Edinburgh	UK	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Other/General Jobs	28000 - 35000	31500	ukstaffsearch.com	0
199643	71851448	Quantity Surveyor	A fantastic opportunity is now available for a Quantity Surveyor to join a thriving and innovative property group. Due to continued success and growth, they are now looking for a Quantity Surveyor to join the team with experience in the Construction industry preferably in the residential and housing markets. The ideal candidate will be commercially aware to help to deliver projects. Responsibilities:  Management of all financial matters.  Procurement of all subcontract works.  Procurement of all supply items (via Purchasing Department)  Preparation of interim valuations  Chairing site and client progress meetings  Management of Design team meetings  Managing interim payments to subcontractors  Regular updating and managing cash flow forecasts  Preparation and agreement of all final account matters  Monthly cost/value reconciliation  Pricing of all contract variations  Preparing and analysing costing for tenders There are excellent career opportunities available within this young growing company for the right candidate. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QuantitySurveyor_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Recruitment Genius	Trade & Construction Jobs	25000 - 30000 per annum	27500	totaljobs.com	0
150084	70764795	Asbestos Consultant  Reading	A Market Leading Asbestos Consultancy are looking for an Asbestos Consultant who is ideally P**** P**** and P**** qualified to undertake air monitoring, fibre counting, **** stage clearance procedures and asbestos surveys in and around the Berkshire area. You will travel to client sites and write reports as well as liaising with clients. The starting salary for this role is between ****k depending on your relevant asbestos experience with a benefits package. Interested? For an initial, noncommittal discussion about this vacancy or other opportunities in the sector, please do not hesitate to call Jon Davies of Penguin Recruitment on (Apply online only). Alternatively you can email your CV in word format and we ll call you back. Emails to: Keywords: Asbestos, P**** P**** P****	Reading, Berkshire	Reading		permanent	Penguin Recruitment	Other/General Jobs	18000 - 26000/annum Vehicle + Benefits	22000	cv-library.co.uk	0
154815	71018883	Broad Experience Banking PSL  Leading FullService Firm (****)	Our Client, a leading fullservice law firm with offices throughout the UK and the rest of the World, urgently seek a PSL Lawyer to come on board and provide professional support within the firm's banking team. The firm has one of the most impressive list of clients in the World and are always at the heart of cutting edge transactions across all sectors of their focus. Due to increased deal and business volume, a requirement for a Professional Support Lawyer with broad finance experience has emerged. The PSL will be expected to deliver training to feeearners within the firm on issues of knowhow, including precedents, briefing notes, client alerts and journal articles. In addition to this, an interest in assisting on business development and related pitches to clients and potential clients will be highly advantageous and add to the dynamics of the successful candidate within the finance team. The successful candidate will either be a PSL already or a feeearning associate who is looking to move into a nonfeeearning position whilst using all of their prior finance experience. This experience will include broad banking exposure, such as asset finance, leveraged finance, restructuring, project finance, real estate finance, capital markets and derivatives. In this case, the more experience across any or all of these areas, the more attractive the successful candidate will be deemed by the firm. To be considered for this position, the successful candidate must be at least **** PQE, and come from a reputable finance background. This position offers a decent work/life balance as well as a healthy remuneration package. To apply for this role, please send your CV to: Grahame Warby Consultant Cogence Search www.cogencesearch.com Grahame has spent much of his career working in private practice for major US law firms including White & Case and Sullivan & Cromwell in the corporate, capital markets and project finance sectors. His primary industry sectors were oil, gas, liquefied natural gas, telecommunications, banking finance and construction. In addition to these areas, he also spent some time inhouse advising a major international steel manufacturer across all its areas of business activity.	London	London	full_time	permanent	Cogence Search	Legal Jobs	From 90,000 to 100,000 per year	95000	TotallyLegal	1
136707	70343250	Laundry Field Service Engineer  Hereford	Our client is the largest inhouse laundry provider in the UK & Ireland. They are currently recruiting for a Laundry Field Service Engineer – Hereford to repair & maintain laundry sites and equipment. You must have strong, demonstrable electrical and mechanical engineering experience (with appropriate qualifications) ideally from a commercial service background or white goods / catering, however applicants from a domestic background are also welcome to apply. You must have a strong technical mind coupled with the ability to demonstrate an understanding of the Laundry Field Service Engineer's role. Based in Hereford, you will be an ambassador for the company, repairing equipment/maintaining sites and offering problem solving practical advice, whilst providing excellent after sale customer service and care. The successful applicant will possess all of the above, be punctual and reliable with a strong sense of problem solving, responsibility and ownership. Essential requirements are: HNC minimum or equivalent within electrical engineering Demonstrable field service experience Demonstrable experience of fault finding on both single and **** phase Weekend working rota is 1 weekend in **** APPLY now for the Laundry Field Service Engineer – Hereford by sending your CV with covering letter to Glesurfredlinegroup.Com quoting reference GLS****/****	Hereford, Herefordshire Herefordshire England	Hereford			Redline Group	Engineering Jobs	23576 -23577 per annum	23576	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
113592	69744132	Telesales Parts Advisor, Peterborough, Motor Trade	Automotive, Motor Trade Job: Telesales Parts Advisor required in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. LOCATION: Peterborough SALARY: ****K  ****K TERM: Full Time, Permanent JOB REF: J****6671 Motor Trade Jobs / Automotive Vacancies: Automotive Telesales Parts Advisor required in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Our client an independently established FastFit Centre in Peterborough is looking to hire a customer focused and sales orientated Telesales Executive to join their growing team. The role will require the successful candidate to control and maximise service & repair bookings. Interpreting customer's requirements in a courteous and efficient manner to ensure that all resources required in completing the work are available on schedule. Responsibilities: To take all bookings for service & repair work through telephone or inspection schedules obtaining all necessary details in respect of work required, nature of problems and wherever possible identifying specific faults. To validate & update DMS marketing records for existing customers or create record for new customers. Use workshop loading tool to schedule and ensure maximum workshop utilisation and profitability through scheduled maintenance, repair and vehicle rebook work, ensuring that work is capable of completion in line with customer's requirements. To raise job packs for each vehicle, ensuring that all required supporting documentation/checks have been completed and recorded. To confirm customer payment terms/account. To promote other services and products to customer as appropriate. To liaise effectively with the service team leaders and parts department Our client offers an excellent salary package with an on target earning of up to ****k The successful applicant must have a proven track record working in the motor trade in a sales orientated role. To apply please send your CV to Louisa Coggs Quoting Job Ref J**** Stating Telesales Parts Advisor Peterborough. Please remember to add your home phone number, mobile number, email address and full address to your CV. If this information is missing it slows down our process and may result in us not being able to contact you. Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** (and amendments). Copyright  Perfect Placement UK Limited 2012. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited's prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions. Please contact our offices on **** **** 2 **** if you wish to discuss this copyright.	Peterborough	Peterborough			Perfect Placement	Customer Services Jobs	20000 - 35000 per annum + OTE 40,000	27500	MyUkJobs	0
88856	69144965	English Teacher  Key Stage **** ****	Are you an experienced English Secondary School Teacher with a real passion for teaching? Do you want a long term position at a fantastic secondary school in Rugby working with classes in Key Stage **** and ****? Would you like to work at an ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted 2012 Secondary School, based in the desirable area of Rugby? Do you want to join a school where you can make a difference and further your career? Please read on… Qualified English Teacher Permanent position September 201**** start Rugby MPS/UPS pay scale ’Outstanding’ Ofsted 2012 Secondary School Well Resourced English Department 90% of pupils with AC grades in 2012 This school has very high expectations of its pupils; with this in mind it is essential that the successful candidate can use their skills and knowledge as an English Teacher, to deliver interesting lessons with enthusiasm and passion for the subject. This School encourages everybody, both teachers and pupils, to strive to attain the highest standard in their work, to have respect for others and to develop their individual talents. Academically, students make very good progress and their teaching is highly regarded. They are proud of their examination results, which have been impressive for many years and has made the school one of the most desirable schools to attend in the area. As a passionate English Teacher, does this not sound like a great school to work in? The Head is looking for an experienced KS**** and KS**** English Teacher ideally, however, will consider NQT’s of outstanding quality with a real proven record of achievement throughout their academic career. They want a teacher who will come in and really get going straight away, make their lessons innovative and interesting whilst also ensuring curriculum requirements are met during this important Key Stage 3 and Key Stage **** period of development for the pupils. The school can be found in located next to several excellent public transport links including bus and train. There is also secure onsite parking if needed. The schools most recent Ofsted report in 2012, deemed them as ‘Outstanding’ with special attention going to the English Department which was also graded as ‘Outstanding’. Last years English exams produced the highest results the school has seen in the last few years with 90% of pupils AC grades. There is a clear, zero tolerance behaviour policy at the school with excellent support systems, which allows teachers to work freely within the school and though, as the successful English Teacher, you must be confident and set authority, command & respect, you will not be in this school for crowd control purposes. If this sounds like the type of school you would like to work in then please send in your CV today to Patrick at edustaff.	Warwickshire	Warwickshire	full_time	permanent	Edustaff   Birmingham	Teaching Jobs	From 21,588 to 31,552 per year + MPS/UPS	26570	jobsineducation.co.uk	0
66844	68714674	Marketing Assistant	Create and proactively drive the implementation of end to end marketing campaigns through a full range of media channels. Contribute to the marketing planning process, supporting the current process for specified segments and pan marketing activity. Communicate effectively the company`s propositions and services, whilst ensuring accurate targeting of key audiences. Develop and embed a marketing communications framework for the business. Build strong working relationships with all internal teams and wider stakeholders. Work with marketing executives to ensure that relevant KPI`s. measurements and targets are implemented across all communications activity. Support delivery of online digital strategy from a strategic, design and content perspective. Work with agencies/sup Graduate or relevant business equivalent with at least a year`s experience within a marketing role. Professional marketing qualification (CIM) preferable. Proven successful marketing experience. Basic understanding of UK insurance market including types of product and propositions offered. Global leading insurance company. Excellent salary Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingAssistant_job****	Guildford Surrey South East	Guildford		permanent	Michael Page Marketing	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	20000 to 27000 per annum	23500	totaljobs.com	0
188639	71693540	Assistant Manager	Assistant Manager / Deputy Manager We are looking to recruit an Assistant Manager / Deputy Manager for a new retail store in the Reading area. This retailer has over **** stores in key locations in the UK and has plans to open a further **** this year. The stores are generally located on large out of town retail parks, trade of large floor space of around ****sq ft and turnover of approx. 58 Million a year. The Assistant Manager is responsible for;  Driving sales footfall.  Supporting the Store Manager.  Ensuring store KPI`s are achieved.  Stock control merchandising.  Ensuring high mystery shop audits  People management training. The ideal candidate will be a self motivated, hands on retail manager with previous exposure to working in a fast paced retail environment. You must be prepared to lead your team from the front during peak times. The starting salary for Assistant Manager / Deputy Manager will be between ****  **** and is reviewed throughout your career. The business also offer a range of company benefits. Zachary Daniels specialises in retail management recruitment. Please click apply today to be considered for the role. This job was originally posted as www.retailchoice.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManager_job****	Reading Berkshire South East	Reading		permanent	Zachary Daniels	Retail Jobs	18000 to 24000 per annum	21000	retailchoice.com	0
35830	68239227	Weymouth Assistant Shop Manager	Job d escription Job Title Assistant Shop Manager Job Band AS**** Ref Department Retail Division Fundraising Reporting To Shop Manager Location Duration Last Updated September 20****2 Context The British Red Cross helps people in crisis, whoever and wherever they are. We are part of a global voluntary network, responding to conflicts, natural disasters and individual emergencies. We enable vulnerable people in the UK and abroad to prepare for and withstand emergencies in their own communities. And when the crisis is over, we help them to recover and move on with their lives. Within the UK , the British Red Cross operates through **** volunteers and **** staff. Scope The Retail Department, which forms part of the Fundraising Division, operates around **** Red Cross charity shops throughout the UK and has a complement of over **** volunteers and **** paid staff and a turnover in excess of 25m per annum. Retail requires professional staff with specialist skills and experience and the ability to supervise their teams in accordance with the values and behaviours as defined in the Red Cross management framework. Overall purpose of the p ost To assist the Shop Manager in maximising the net income earned from the Red Cross shop. To support the Shop Manager in the management of staff, volunteers, stock, premises and administration. To deliver high standards of customer care and ensure that the image and reputation of the Red Cross is maintained. To assume responsibility for the shop in the Shop Manager’s absence. Main d uties and r esponsibilities People > Working with the Shop Manager, to induct, manage, train and develop paid staff and volunteers to nationally agreed standards and procedures > To uphold the reputation of the Red Cross by maintaining high personal standards and projecting a warm, appreciative and welcoming attitude towards customers, donors, staff and volunteers > To effectively communicate with shop staff and volunteers and other Red Cross personnel, cascading information as relevant > To deliver high standards of customer care > To promote the shop in the community and respond to local queries about the services of the British Red Cross Performance > Working with the Shop Manager, to manage the shop on a day to day basis, ensuring set targets, budgets and profit levels are met > In conjunction with the Shop Manager, to grow average weekly sales and shop average weekly profit > To effectively manage the shop in the absence of the Shop Manager and to provide relief cover to other shops where required > To undertake any other duties as requested by the Shop Manager and Area Retail Manager Product > To support the generation of stock for the shop > Working with Shop Manager, to effectively manage donated stock and bought in goods, ensuring that necessary standards relating to quality, quantity, stock rotation, and stock room management are maintained > To appropriately price goods in the shop > To ensure a high standard of housekeeping, display, merchandising and shop floor management, adhering with health and safety guidance and national standards > To maintain an awareness of the organisation’s priorities and assist in promoting the work of the Red Cross to volunteers and the general public. Property > In the absence of the Shop Manager, report all issues regarding the building, health and safety and shop equipment to appropriate teams in a timely fashion Procedures > To comply with national instructions, policies, procedures, guidelines and legislation at all times > To ensure the safe and secure handling of money and stock at all times > To attend meetings and training courses/events when required by the Shop Manager and/or Retail Field Manager > In the absence of the Shop Manager, to accurately manage all shop till (EP o S) sales reporting and administrative procedures as specified by the Retail Field Manager > To keep the Retail Field Manager informed of any difficulties that arise during the Shop Manager’s absence. > To uphold the Fundamental Principles of the Red Cross and Red Crescent movement and to work within the Society’s Equal Opportunities policy. > To be aware of the work, aims and objectives of the British Red Cross at International, National, Area and Branch level. Person s pecification Job Title: Assistant Shop Manager Ref: Band: AS1 Experience > Experience in handling cash/cash flow systems  Knowledge/ Technical Skills > Numeracy > Ability to deliver good customer care  > Ability to implement working practices/procedures  > Ability to collate financial information Competencies > Ability to relate effectively to people of all types and at all levels both staff and volunteers. > Good oral and written communications skills > Ability to work in a pressurised environment > Ability to work on own initiative Behaviours > Positive in outlook, enthusiastic and flexible in approach to work > Strong team player – able to achieve results through others > Understanding of/commitment to equal opportunities policy and practice and to the Fundamental Principles Special Circumstances > Able to work weekends > Able to work additional hours if required > Willing to cover staff sickness, absence and holidays > Physical fitness to undertake the demands of the job, including ability to lift and carry stock > Willing to travel to cover other shops as requested  Minimum shortlisting criteria. N.B. All disabled candidates who meet these criteria must be shortlisted for interview in line with our commitment under the two tick symbol scheme . ****	Weymouth	Weymouth	part_time		British Red Cross	Sales Jobs	7,478.00 per year	7478	Jobcentre Plus	0
211147	72199384	Maintenance Programme Engineer	A unique opportunity for an experienced Material Planner/ Short Term Planner has come available based in the South East of the UK. Job Purpose: Development of my clients Maintenance Programme, and management control of third party support services. Key responsibilities: Oversight of fleet compliance. Monitoring the effectiveness of the Maintenance Programme. Analysis of defects and reliability data ensuring suitable changes are made to the Programme. Provide management oversight over Third party service provider to ensure regulatory compliance of the Maintenance Programme is maintained. Detailed analysis and interpretation of information relating to operational feedback and recommendation of any changes to the Programme. Attend regular Maintenance Planning meetings, discussing and analysing reliability information. Recording any deviations from the Maintenance Programme. Personal Requirements: Experience of trend and reliability data Previous experience within a Maintenance Programmes environment Demonstrable experience in technical and operational delivery requirements Demonstrable experience in working with complex Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) IT systems Qualifications: Maintenance Planning qualifications i.e. Manufacturer Maintenance Programme Improvement Educated to Degree Level Only candidates with the right to reside and work in the EU can be considered This is a permanent role and would not be suitable for those wishing to work on a contract or freelance basis. This is an excellent opportunity for the right individual to move into this key area of aviation and receive some of the highest levels of training in the business with real opportunities to quickly progress in the team. An excellent remuneration package is on offer tailored to the individual.	Tyne and Wear - East Boldon	Boldon Colliery	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Engineering Jobs	40000 - 45000	42500	ukstaffsearch.com	0
22350	67389204	Administrator	Organisation linked to a London university and to supporting businesses, are seeking an Administrator to work within their small team based in Central London. The Administrator is required on a temporary basis for **** 9 months and they are ideally seeking someone who will commit to that timeframe. The role will be responsible for providing administrative and secretarial support to the team on a major funding project. You will assist in the delivery of a project by carrying out tasks such as: producing and formatting documentation; providing support for meetings, including room booking, arranging catering, preparing agendas and taking minutes; travel arrangements; filing and information retrieval; dataentry and reporting; and other general support duties (such as dealing with post, answering general enquiries, updating websites, ordering stationary etc.) The ideal candidate with be an experienced administrator who has gained experience working in a busy office environment. You will be competent in using IT especially Word and Excel and an ability to record data accurately. You will have welldeveloped organisation and communication skills; including previous experience in providing service to customers. You should be able to work independently and own your own initiative; planning and prioritising task to meet deadlines.	London	London		contract		Teaching Jobs	10.00ph + holiday pay	19200	hays.co.uk	0
48675	68609060	Service Advisor, Birmingham, Motor Trade Job	Automotive, Motor Trade Job: Service Advisor required in Birmingham. West Midlands. Salary: **** Basic, OTE **** Per Annum Term: Full Time, Permanent Motor Trade Jobs / Automotive Vacancies: Automotive Service Advisor Required in Birmingham, West Midlands. Experience in the service advisor role is necessary and service advisor and manufacturer training will be given. Our Client, an Automotive Main Car Dealership in the Birmingham area is currently looking to recruit a Service Advisor to work in their busy Aftersales department. As an experienced Service Advisor you will have experience in completing job cards, upselling of products and treating customers as required by the manufacturers set standards. Our client is looking for someone who can show ownership and responsibility when it comes to dealing with customers and their queries. A strong personality is needed as this is a very busy dealership. My Client is looking for an experienced Service Advisor within the Automotive industry and as such you must have Main Dealer experience. You will ideally live within the West Midlands area or be able to travel to the Birmingham area and not only be an experienced Service Advisor but also be used to and experienced in working in a main dealer. Our Client offers a fantastic salary package and a very good bonus scheme. This vacancy is based in Birmingham and our client is looking only for Main Dealer Service Advisor experienced applicants. To apply please send your CV to Nick Paul quoting J**** Service Advisor, Birmingham. Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** (and amendments). Copyright  Perfect Placement UK Limited 2013. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited's prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions. Please contact our office on **** **** **** if you wish to discuss this copyright.	Birmingham	Birmingham			Perfect Placement	Trade & Construction Jobs	19500 per annum + OTE 25,000	22250	MyUkJobs	0
181723	71596753	Sales Consultant	The Sales Consultant will look after existing clients as well as be responsible for generating new business across the Berkshire and Oxfordshire regions; managing key relationships and up selling and cross selling professional services to these clients. The Sales Consultant will be responsible for managing the full sales cycle and process from generating business to converting business.We are looking for driven, tenacious and resilient candidates who are keen to work for an International organisation leading their Industry. Enthusiastic and target driven individuals who want to grow their career and get the rewards their hard work will warrant.Global leader in Professional Services leading the International Market in over 20 countries and over **** employees.c**** per annum  quarterly bonuses (OTE to ****)  benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised & regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents.Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.	South East	South East London		permanent		Sales Jobs	30k - 40k	35000	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
153345	70783562	Technical Author  Writer Software DITA, HTML, XML  Leeds	Technical Author  Technical Writer Software Leeds, Yorkshire Senior role some team lead responsibilities. The right candidate is likely to have technical skills around the following:  XML / XSLT  DITA / Dita Open Tookit  HTML, CSS, Javascript (Basic)  MS Office e.g. Word and Adobe skills e.g. Photoshop You will also have the following:  Writing / Proof Reading skills  Have a clear and precise writing style  Understand best practice with regard to Technical Documentation  Demonstrable experience of being a Technical Author or Writer in a software company or working documenting software products Any experience in financial services would be highly desirable Interested please send a cv for a swift response. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalAuthorWriterSoftwareDITAHTMLXMLLeeds_job****	Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Leeds		permanent	Verticality Ltd	IT Jobs	30000 to 35000 per annum - Health + Good Pension	32500	cwjobs.co.uk	0
169887	71345119	Shop Planner	Dutton International is a manpower provider to the Oil and Gas, Petrochemical, Power Generation, Marine Construction, Renewable Energy and Construction Industries Worldwide, specialising in the provision of well qualified Professional, Technical and experienced Trades Personnel. We are currently looking for a Shop Planner to start work with one of our client's. The job is based at Rosyth in Scotland. Role Description: To manage QEC activities by providing the means to execute work, through planning, estimating and scheduling of tasks and to utilise and develop current systems and procedures, thus enabling these tasks to be carried out in an efficient and cost effective manner. Key Responsibilities: Build and maintain customer / supplier relationships Populate and manage IFS for relevant work Ensure accuracy of information received or issued Produce and monitor KPIs Establish schedules of work to support projects Upkeep plans and schedules to reflect emergent work or changes to programme In conjunction with production ensure progress is updated and monitored Analyse and report on trends Supply information to update labour forecast information Supply delivery forecasts of activities whilst assessing and reporting on late deliverables against schedules Liaising with purchasing, warehousing, production and others where applicable to ensure compliance to schedules to reduce risk to contracts Liaise with projects regarding budgetary control Produce shop orders / work instructions in line with schedules Be actively involved with the development of systems, processes and initiatives, current or proposed Understand and operate where applicable norms database effectively and be proficient in producing estimates of work Raise and seek solutions to technical queries whilst utilising feedback systems Identify variations to contract, arrange for customer to agree remedial action together with scope of supply Ensure variation accounts are opened in a timely manner Raise emergent shop orders and ensure assist centres have budget allocated Address holds in a timely manner Pre planning tasks  Assist in ensuring budgets are accurate. Cost Sets agreed and schedule and cycle times are achievable Focus attention on value adding tasks and bottlenecks whilst eliminating waste Assist in training and developing new or temporary staff Key Competencies: Possess drive, enthusiasm and determination Confident with the ability to influence individual and group behaviour Good communication skills Qualifications/Experience: An ONC in the relevant trade as a minimum A background in a constructive trade would be an advantage Experience in computer use i.e. MS Office etc would be an advantage Experience of IFS would be an advantage If you feel you have all the necessary skills and experience please apply today	Rosyth,	Rosyth			duttoninternational	Engineering Jobs	20000 - 25000 UK Pounds/year	22500	OilCareers.com	0
47051	68572535	Production / Development Engineer	Our client, a supplier to the Aerospace Industry are looking to appoint a permanent Production/Development Engineer based near Derby. You will work to OEM and Customer specifications and that of technical capability to undertake approved repairs. Technical capability will include, but is not limited to:  Developing production processes (grinding, milling, welding, blending etc)  Developing Route Cards  Developing Data Cards  Developing Standard Practice Procedures  Specifying and ordering tooling, equipment and consumables You will also:  Perform statistical analysis of component reject rates,  Communications with Customers  Analyse the repair market and identify new repair development opportunities.  Develop new repairs and obtain the required approvals from the OEM, Customer and Regulatory Authorities, where applicable, within agreed time scales and cost. The development of new repairs will be done in a controlled manner with all stages of the development specified by the appropriate documentation.  Contribute to production, when requested, by undertaking troubleshooting, process improvement or Industrial Engineering projects.  Liaise with all levels of employees, Customers, OEM and Suppliers where required.  Undertake all tasks to time scales agreed with the Senior Engineer and the Technical Manager. Qualifications and Experience:  Degree qualified or equivalent, or recognised engineering apprenticeship, you will have strong experience in a manufacturing production environment.  Good understanding of machining processes with tooling/fixture design experience.  Project management experience in planning, controlling budgets and driving to schedules.  Process improvement experience  good problem solving capability and the ability to manage improvement projects to effective closure (green or black belt would be advantageous)  Good communication and presentation skills at all levels. Salary	Derbyshire - Alfreton	Alfreton	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Engineering Jobs	25000 - 30000	27500	ukstaffsearch.com	0
168994	71336147	Relief Support Worker (Enabler)	This is for a relief position (no contracted hours) in Settle BD**** to support people with learning disabilities. Please visit the ubu website for more details and a full job description. We only accept online applications.	Settle	Settle	part_time		UBU	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	6.19 per hour	11884	Jobcentre Plus	0
219371	72340536	FoxsearchAustralia Healthcare Recruitment Consultants Perth	Healthcare Recruitment Consultant Melbourne Fox Search is recruiting for UK based Recruitment consultants to join an established Healthcare recruitment company located in the sunniest city in the world Perth. Due to phenomenal growth the Australian economy is thriving against a back drop of world economic decline. Australia has always been a place that many Brits dream of living the life with its robust economy, beautiful weather, beaches and warm seas coupled with a relaxed way of life. The Healthcare market in Australia is similar to that in the UK they have a public funded Healthcare system called Medicare which exists alongside private Healthcare. A tax levy is imposed which contributes to the cost of the system and certain areas within the healthcare system are subsidised. As with the UK there is a shortage of Nurses and Doctors and a general skill in attracting them into Hospitals. Using an agency is a relatively new to cover this short of shortfall many compare the market to that of the UK ****0 years ago. This role involves supplying Nurses and Doctors on long term  permanent positions within the Perth and WA to states funded and private Hospitals, unlike the UK there is relatively little competition and you will find Hospitals are eager to work with you and appreciate the work you do for them. You will have a defined geographical area as your patch, you will have autonomy coupled with a structured plan of attack whilst adhering to realistic company and branch KPI s. Depending on the level you go in at support will come from Seniors consultants, teams leaders and managers, further training and development will allow you to grow and establish you career. This is a full **** role however you will also benefit from a centralised payroll and compliance team. This opportunity is working for one of the leading Healthcare recruiters in Australia and you will enjoy the support, development and benefits that come with a company like this. To apply for this role we require applicants to have: A minimum of 4 years recruitment experience (any sector) Ideally a degree if not a degree than a minimum of 5 years recruitment experience A proven track billing record (no shift fillers or none sales recruiters) Motivate, ambitious, passionate and able to work effectively in a team Excellent verbal communication skills (very important as interviews will be Skype) A desire to work and live in Australia The interview process will initially be with Sarah at Fox Search and if this goes well then several interviews will take place over Skype with the agency in Australia and if you are successful a start date will agreed subject to you VISA being processed along with your commitments in the UK. Benefits and key points Basic salary $**** ****  **** pension contribution (superannuation, this can be cashed in if you leave Australia) Realistic OTE year **** **** **** Commission starts at 8%  1****% uncapped ($**** month threshold) 1 way flight paid for **** VISA paid for with full sponsorship (this will allow immediate family/partner to come with you) Two weeks accommodation paid for Individual and team commission and bonus Help with child care arrangements Assistance with setting up a bank account, mobile phone, gas & electricity, rental home, medical Start dates are flexible and the VISA application can take several weeks to be processed, if you are thinking about a move to Australia and wish to talk with one of our consultants to discuss then you can call (Apply online only) and ask for Sarah or Aaron Fox Search Ltd are a specialist Recruitment to Recruitment agency (Rec2Rec) working exclusively within Education Recruitment, Healthcare Recruitment and Social Care Recruitment. Fox Search Ltd are advertising this position on behalf of a trusted client. All enquiries will be handled in the strictest of confidence by either Aaron or Sarah both of which have a background in public sector recruitment. If you would rather contact us directly you can call Sarah or Aaron on (Apply online only)	London, UK	London		permanent	Fox Search Ltd	HR & Recruitment Jobs	55000 - 75000/annum + 9% Super + commission + bonus	65000	cv-library.co.uk	1
109481	69641788	Prospect Insight Manager	My Financial Services Client based in London is currently seeking a Prospect Insight Manager to join their company on a permanent basis. This person will be responsible for managing the delivery of Prospect Management Information provision for the Wealth and Investment Management. The successful Prospect Management Insight Manager will ensure the wealth and investment management division have in place the most effective database; tracking and prospect management team to facilitate the growth of the firm. Essential Skills: Extensive Stakeholder Management Experience in Governance, Risk and Control Lead Insight Analysis and behavioural research CRM and Data experience Must have professional/Technical experience such as SAS/SQL, Visual Basic, MS Access/Excel and other office applications. Managerial Experience This is an exciting opportunity to join a leading Global Wealth and Investment Manager and lead the delivery of prospect management information to proactively improve the understanding of new clients, build relationships and drive the team's capability and intelligence. If you think that this role matches your skill set, please apply with your most up to date CV. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location Job start date: ASAP	London	London		permanent	Strategic Executive Partners Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	50000-55000	52500	fish4.co.uk	1
199665	71851504	Property Secretary	My client, a well established and extremely busy practice based in the centre of Bromley are looking to recruit an experienced Property Secretary to join their busy and expanding department. There are **** partners and **** secretaries currently within this department so they have an extremely heavy workload so you will be providing direct support to the partners dealing with Residential, Commercial and Development work. The duties of the role will include: Producing accurate and presentable letters and documentation Ensuring all letters and documents take priority over the production of attendance notes Undertaking digital dictation (preferably Winscribe), turning secretarial work over swiftly and efficiently Administering filing Maintaining databases Undertaking photocopying, preparation of post and other related tasks Preparing mail and enclosures for dispatch Providing refreshments for clients Ensuring the confidentiality of all the firms and clients' documentation and information Receiving telephone messages and ensuring they are noted Acting considerate at all times towards clients needs and to service those needs in an efficient and professional manner Attending to clients both in person and over the telephone and to provide support in a professional and friendly manner in keeping with the firm's standards for client care Making appointments, arranging meetings and maintaining diaries Providing guidance to junior and temporary secretaries and providing general support to other secretaries when required Providing cover in the event of other secretarial/administrative staff absences, sickness and holidays, including reception You will need to be an extremely competent, hard working and resilient secretary who is able to deal with an extremely busy workload. You will need to have a fast and accurate typing speed (approx ****wpm) and be familiar with Winscribe Digital Dictation. This role is paying a salary of **** and there are immediate interviews for the right candidate. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PropertySecretary_job****	Bromley, Kent Kent South East	UK		permanent	Modern Business Solutions	Admin Jobs	From 22,000 to 22,000 per annum	22000	totaljobs.com	0
41185	68376632	Interim Accountant	Our SME client is looking to recruit an Interim Accountant for a period of about **** 3 months. Reporting directly to the Managing Director, you will take responsibility for financial reporting including statutory accounting, management accounting and processing the ledgers. The successful candidate will be a qualified accountant ACCA, ACA or ACMA, or qualified by experience with a background working within a SME. This key role involves working closely with the Managing Director so requires confident communication skills. Excellent IT skills, ideally working knowledge of Sage.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Luton	Luton		contract	Hays Senior Finance	Accounting & Finance Jobs	36000.00 to 40000.00	38000	tntjobs.co.uk	0
125877	69994056	Regional HR Officer/Manager	Interim Regional HR Officer/Manager role on a 12 month contract is on offer for respected business in Nottinghamshire. This role will see you form part of a Regional HR Team reporting directly into the Senior HR Manager. On a day to day basis this role will see you have complete involvement in:  Managing recruitment processes for line managers throughout the business.  Performance management  Providing employee relations advice to line managers  Overseeing Health Safety across different sites  Disciplinary and grievance matters  Induction training  Maintenance of all company policies and procedures, ensuring all are filtered to staff across different sites  Support line managers to make sure the correct redundancy policies and procedures are carried out.  To support regional HR Managers in the day to day management of HR administration staff and their workload. This role will suit an experienced HR professional who is able to `hit the ground running` and able to adapt and learn company processes and policies quickly, recent TUPE experience would also be highly advantageous. This role will also see you working with line managers based regionally and some travel to different sites is expected. You will be an experienced professional who is either CIPD qualified or qualified through your experience and is looking to take on a challenging but rewarding role. In return is a competitive salary plus car allowance and benefits. Chase and Holland specialise in Finance (Commerce Industry and Professional Practice) and HR recruitment. We comfortably service the South Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire and Lincolnshire marketplaces. We are currently recruiting for a number of businesses that are looking for candidates across a number of sectors. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to you on this occasion your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalHROfficerManager_job****	Nottinghamshire East Midlands	Nottinghamshire		contract	Chase and Holland	Accounting & Finance Jobs	28000 to 34000 per annum	31000	totaljobs.com	0
180800	71592281	Support Worker	Personal Assistant/Support Worker required to provide ****:**** support to a young man with Autism. Duties include personal care, social activities including swimming, drama group, support with college work etc. Support is needed to promote independence and to help expand daily living skills. This young man has very little verbal communication and uses Makaton sign language. Other duties will include shopping, preparation of meals and light domestic duties. Full clean driving licence essential to transport to social events. Hours:  **** per week, may include Saturdays, flexibility required Rate of Pay:  **** per hour	Bedworth	Bedworth	part_time			Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	8.50 per hour	16320	Jobcentre Plus	0
148231	70759944	Cook/Baker  1326 hours per annum	Are you passionate about using fresh, seasonal, locally sourced produce? Are you looking for a fantastic opportunity to work for a renowned employer with a multitude of benefits and an organisation that really values their staff? If the answer is yes then read on We are currently recruiting for a Cook/Baker who is equally adept at cooking to a high standard using fresh, seasonal and local food but at the same time providing out standing customer service. You will be responsible for the daytoday running of the kitchen, all baking and cooking. You will be required to:  As a skilled Baker be able to produce and prepare high volumes of home made cakes, desserts, tarts and quiches using fresh local produce  Ensure all food is produced and presented to a high standard  Ensure waste efficiency  Be willing to support the chef through lunch service when necessary  Be willing to assist in monthly stock takes as required  Assist the Chef and Catering Manager with menu planning The ideal candidate will:  Hold a recognised catering qualification or have equivalent experience/knowledge  Hold a level 2 food hygiene certificate  Have a passion and keen interest in food, baking and using fresh, local and seasonal ingredients  Be a good team player  COSHH trained  Health and safety training  Knowledge of HACCP procedures  Good level of numeracy and literacy  Have good organisational skills  Have previous experience working as part of a kitchen team The role is parttime and would be expected to work 34 days during the season (mid Feb  mid Dec) with some weekend and bank holiday working And in return, you will receive a rewarding career with a company that really values its staff and looks to build and develop them. There are no split shifts so work life balance is high on their agenda. Want to know more? Apply today for a full job specification Please note that our client will carry out a CRB check on the successful candidate.  Please note that if you have not received a response within **** hours then your application has been unsuccessful	Isleworth, Middlesex	UK		permanent	Apex Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	11113/annum	11113	cv-library.co.uk	0
64047	68706240	Project Manager	We are recruiting for an Industrial Soft Services Project Manager to work at a prestigious site in Sunderland  Seeking an experienced Project Manager with a TFM background in hard soft services. Previous experience of working on a Industrial plant such as manufacturing or automotive sector. Must have a good understanding of COSHH, H S, Compliance and managing Cleaners etc. Key Purpose Contract profitability and retention through the delivery of a consistently high standard of customer service which meets the contract specification Qualifications/Skills Essential  23 years supervisory experience  Good knowledge of safety legislation, Industry rules and regulations  Good knowledge of HR guide lines legislation  Must be computer literate and proficient in MS Office applications Project management experience and all associated back office  Good communicator  Good time management  Self Motivated Desirable  23 Years experience working in the automotive / maufacturing environment  Good understanding of Automotive standards preferably  IOSH general certificate  Positive, can do attitude  Flexibility to work flexible shifts  nights/ weekends  Team player but can also work on their own  Creative, sociable and organised Key Competencies Service  The client is passionate about delivering excellent service to every customer  Does what they say they will do to delight customers and achieve our goals every day  Understands the customer better than anyone  Ensures all activities and decisions make life better for customers  to project manage the soft services operations on the site including all small works, new refurbishments and contractor management.  Ordering of stock  Dealing with Health and Safety issues on site  Coach and support cleaning operatives to meet client standards and company objectives  Monitor and manage the control of labour, consumables and cleaning materials within given budgets  Comply with company policies and procedures H S, resource management and employment  Contribute to the overall ethos, aims and reputation of the site  Undertake training and development as required and use your own expertise to assist, where appropriate and necessary, with the training and development of fellow employees. If you are interested in applying for the role, please click the APPLY button now. Please note if you have not heard from us within 5 days, then your application has not been successful. PRS is an equal opportunities employer. ________________________________________ This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectManager_job****	Sunderland Tyne and Wear North East	Sunderland		permanent	Phoenix Resourcing Services   PRS	Engineering Jobs	25000 - 28000 per annum	26500	totaljobs.com	0
176452	71470824	Janitor	Title: Janitor Location: Edinburgh Pay: **** per hour Hours of Work Monday to Friday ****  1800. Min **** hours a week We are currently looking for new candidates to join our expanding team of Janitors in the Edinburgh area. Candidates will require a PVG Certificate Duties will involve: opening and closing of Schools, minor DIY work, liasing with tradesmen, cleaning skills and security To be considered for these positions please forward your CV.	EDINBURGH	Edinburgh	full_time	contract		Maintenance Jobs	7.50 per hour	14400	fish4.co.uk	0
124663	69978051	Deputy Nursing Home Manager / Unit Manager	Job title: RGN / RMN qualified Deputy Manager / Unit Manager Location: Wiltshire Sector: Nursing Homes Dementia Job reference: ****SLS**** You will have RGN or RMN qualification with current PIN Previous experience at Deputy / Unit Manager / Senior Nurse level within a nursing home Excellent and proven people management skills, a positive leader with first class hands on clinical skills. The above advert is posted by ****S Recruitment a specialist employment business. All roles are subject to satisfactory references and an enhanced CRB check.	Wiltshire - Melksham	Melksham	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	20000 - 30000	25000	ukstaffsearch.com	0
178851	71557878	Kitchen Fitter	My Client is a nationally renowned manufacturer and installer of fitted kitchen and bathroom furniture. They work in both new build and refurbishment arena with some of the most recognisable names within housing construction, At present they are looking for experienced Kitchen Fitters to join the team based in Cambrudge, Cambridgeshire. You will be responsible for the full installation of kitchens and associated furniture to new build housing throughout the region. Suitable candidates must demonstrable previous experience, and NVQ trade qualification or equivalent, a valid trade CSCS card and a full UK driving license. In return you will be furnished with a competitive salary, a company van and tools and company mobile telephone	Cambridge, Cambridgeshire	Cambridge		permanent	Sherwood Recruitment	Trade & Construction Jobs	26000/annum Company Van, Tools and Mobile Phone	26000	cv-library.co.uk	0
53053	68672392	Senior Systems Administrator	Systems Administrator Exchange, SAN, VMWare, ISP, Hosting, Design, PreSales, required by my client, a Hosting company based in central London. You will have significant experience working within a Cloud environment with expertise in: Designing, implementing and supporting Active Directory infrastructure Exchange ****/****010, SAN Storage solutions, virtualisation technologies  VMWare or HyperV and ideally some scripting experience with Powershell or Perl. Working directly under the Head of Engineering you will be heavily involved in customer design projects and implementations. You will occasionally be required to attend presales meetings to discuss systems design with clients, so previous experience in a client facing capacity would be ideal. If you have worked within an ISP or delivered and supported Hosted solutions this will be a distinct advantage. Required skills Active Directory Server **** r2 Exchange **** / Exchange 2010  SAN / NAS Storage solutions  VMWare /HyperV Scripting, Powershell or Perl PreSales Design ISP / Hosting environment If you are interested in hearing more about the role and have the skills and depth of technical experience required please send across your CV ASAP for consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSystemsAdministrator_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	CPS Recruitment	IT Jobs	From 50,000 to 60,000 per annum	55000	totaljobs.com	1
88197	69139029	C++ Developer/Archtiect  Boutique Proprietary Trading Firm / Amsterdam, The Netherlands	C++ Developer/Archtiect / Boutique Proprietary Trading Firm / Amsterdam North Holland, The Netherlands Manage Team in Holland with potential of global responsibilities) Strong Low Level Programming/Hardware Skills Required (x**** SIM, SSE, FPGA) Circa **** Euros upwards plus very competitive bonus potential and benefits My client is a successful and respected Global Proprietary Trading Firm, well recognized as an international leader in electronic arbitrage trading and market making. Through continued success and profits, as well an ongoing commitment to cutting edge technology, the team is seeking a senior developer/architect to take a business critical role in the team based in Amsterdam. This is a senior role and you will be expected to coordinate the entirety of the core architecture of the low latency trading system. There will be a heavy focus on optimization and you will be expected to bring strong knowledge of both software and hardware. You will join a front office trading group, therefore it is essential that you have ability to work in challenging, fast paced and dynamic environment. The firm has an amazing reputation globally and has consistently been one of the top performing prop trading firms over the past 10 years. They have a fantastic, collaborative culture, in which all employees are rewarded very well. This is a very unique opportunity to take lead role and make a huge impact to the team from day one. On the technical side, it will offer a very challenging opportunity for a seasoned technologist who is interested in both software and hardware. Although the role is based in Amsterdam, the team is open to exploring candidates from all European locations. The ideal candidate will come from a similar trading environment, however they will consider exceptional candidates with no prior financial experience. The team is seeking to begin interviews as soon as possible. Compensation will be very competitive, with great bonus potential and benefits. Responsibilities for Team Lead/Manager C++ Architect  Boutique Proprietary Trading Firm Amsterdam, North Holland Coordinate and lead the core architecture of the next generation low latency trading system Optimize the trading system using a range of cutting edge techniques Work in a team of technologists and traders in a front office trading environment Lead/mentor other technologists in the Amsterdam office Work closely with the partners of the firm to pioneer new technologies Ideal Skill Set Team Lead/Manager C++ Architect  Boutique Proprietary Trading Firm Amsterdam, North Holland C/C++ Multithreaded high performance coding and highlevel optimization Very Strong Knowledge of the Linux Platform (Knowledge of the Linux kernel) Networking Optimization Strong hardware knowledge (x**** SIMD, SSE, FPGA etc) Great communication skills Ability to lead and coordinate people/projects Ability to work in a fast paced trading environment Prior experience leading/managing a team of at least **** software engineers This is a very unique opportunity for a senior technologist looking for their career defining move. Not only will you join a very successful and growing proprietary trading shop, but you will join in a senior role with a huge amount of responsibility and ownership. Key Skills; C, C++, Linux, UNIX, Kernel, Multithreading, Low Latency, Optimization, Networking, Hardware, x**** SIMD, SSE, FPGA, Lead, Architect, Development, Trading, Market Making, Electronic Trading, C, C++, STL, Boost For more information on this role, please get in touch at apply.a****hoiuya****selbyjennings.aptrack.co.uk or call **** **** **** **** or apply.a****hoiuya****selbyjennings.aptrack.co.uk	Europe	UK			Selby Jennings	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
68721	68798987	Teacher  Forehill School Jobs In Scotland	Job Description Location: Forehill School Duration: Fixed Term until 3rd June 2013 Qualification Requirements: Full GTC (Scotland) Registration in relevant subject (Provisional registration accepted for fixedterm posts of duration of no longer than one academic year). PVG Membership for Regulated Work with Children and/or Protected Adults or willingness to obtain prior to a formal offer of employment being made. Job Specific Requirements: Ability to teach the full range of timetabled courses in the subject area and e xperience in the subject area, and of planning and assessment of pupil learning. Classroom management skills and a knowledge of current issues and developments in curriculum. Experience of curriculum development. Ability to communicate effectively and appropriately with staff, pupils and parents and to manage effectively the learning and teaching of individual pupils, groups and classes. (see Person Specification for further details) Hours per week: 35 Hours Per Week Weeks per year: **** Contract duration: Fixed Term up to 03 June 2013 To view the full job advert and any other related documentation, click on the 'Apply Online Now' button below.	Aberdeen	Aberdeen		contract	Aberdeen City Council	Teaching Jobs	Up to 41,925 Annual	41925	jobsinscotland.com	0
55760	68680445	Commercial Gas Engineer	Commercial Gas Engineer Salary to **** dependant on experience and package which includes company vehicle, phone, fuel, pda tablet Location: Hertfordshire  Mobile covering Stevenage, Letchworth, Bedford, Cambridge and some travel to London when needed Company Information: This leading HVAC Total Facility Contractor currently require a commercial gas engineer to join their vibrant, forward thinking team of engineers. As a national business that holds a number of prestigious contracts with a number of clients including Retail Outlets and commercial office blocks. My client can offer a whole host of career opportunities alongside stability within the workplace. The Successful Candidate: Current Commercial Gas Qualifications a must. Air Conditioning qualification/experience an advantage but not essential. Experience working on commercial boilers and similar appliances. Experience of PPM and Reactive breakdowns. Will have experience servicing commercial clients. You will be responsible for: Planned and Reactive maintenance to a number of commercial sites including offices and retail outlets. Working on a call out rota for emergency breakdowns and PPM. Minor repair works. Management opportunities are also available. This company offers a stable future to any potential candidate. They are a company that strive on promotion within, offering ongoing training. On top of securing new contracts on a regular basis, they already have a huge customer base who always offer repeat business. You will also be working in a culture which is team orientated, a team that promote a flexible working relationship with all employees. To apply, please email your CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialGasEngineer_job****	Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	HR GO Recruitment	Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	28000 - 33000 per annum + Negotiable+Vehicle+PDA+Phone+Overtime	30500	totaljobs.com	0
234185	72485423	Business Unit Manager	Business Unit Manager Aerospace precision machining and assembly We are currently seeking to recruit a Business Unit Manager for our Aerospace and Defence client in the UK. As Business Unit Manager, you will be responsible for the site s manufacturing operations. As Business Unit Manager, you will have a proven track record in leading manufacturing operations ideally related to machining and assembly, with demonstrable achievements against key measures of performance. Experience in small to medium batch production with high variability will put you at a distinct advantage. This is a key leadership role and you will be integrated into the parent group s succession plan. Based on your achievement of specific measurable business objectives, you will have the opportunity to progress throughout this large organisation into more senior positions. Please note: This position is only open to candidates who are prepared to work away from home or relocate. Please call for more details. Job Title: Business Unit Manager Salary: Atrractive Benefits: Bonus, Car Allowance, Pension, Life Cover, Healthcare for self and family The Company Our client is a leading global supplier of components and services to the Aerospace Industry. Privately owned and financially secure, they have many years of experience in the manufacture of aerospace components, structures, subsystems, and assemblies. Their robust manufacturing, assembly, treatment and testing capabilities, combined with supply chain management enable them to deliver fully integrated supply solutions to their customers. Minimum Requirements  Qualified to HND Mechanical Engineering or other relevant qualification  Proven leadership capability, ideally in an aerospace manufacturing environment, involving precision machining and assembly.  Experience of Commercial and/or Defence aerospace platforms is required.  Direct experience and involvement in implementing a culture of Continuous Improvement and lean manufacturing.  High level of commercial acumen  able to develop excellent working relationships with key customers  Experience with modern ERP / MRP systems and the ability to analyse and report on key data is essential. Get in touch For a confidential discussion about this vacancy for Business Unit Manager please call Chris Whyte at our Lichfield office **** **** or submit your CV through the links provided. Not quite what you were looking for? Recommend a friend or colleague for this role and earn yourself **** if they are placed by ScottJardine See URL removed for details	Uk	UK		permanent	Scott Jardine Ltd	Engineering Jobs	60,000+	60000	justengineers.net	1
76198	69006081	KS**** Primary Specialist Teacher	The school is a **** form entry school and has around 575 children. They have a very supportive team. As a KS1 Teacher you will need:  To be a qualified Teacher holding a P.G.C.E, Bachelor of Education or hold a BA with QTS, NQTs are welcome to apply  Have prior experience within a classroom environment  Be able to take responsibility for the progress of a class of key stage one age pupils  Be able to motivate students  Be able to maintain discipline  Have a creative approach to teaching  Be outgoing and able to think on your feet If you have the above skill set and personality traits and are looking for the next post in your career, then apply now or give us a call to discuss your exacting requirements in more detail. In return you will have:  Your own dedicated Primary school consultant  A variety of daily and long term positions to suit your needs  Competitive rates of pay, expenses and petrol allowance  twentyfour/seven access to your dedicated consultant via phone  Minimal administration (no timesheets)  Email and SMS verification of bookings  Online diary of bookings, school directions  Pounds**** referral scheme	Watford, Hertfordshire	Watford		contract	Simply Education	Teaching Jobs	21588 - 31552/annum	26570	cv-library.co.uk	0
151478	70768616	Residential Home Manager	Position: Residential Home Manager Location: Chesterfield Salary: ****  **** Job Description: An experienced and motivated individual is required to manage a medium sized, purpose built residential care home for the elderly and those who suffer with the diagnosis of dementia. The home is located south of Chesterfield close to Junction **** of the M1. Job Requirements: Overall responsibility of the home Staff management/ appraisals/ training Care plans/ reviews/ meetings Budgets Skills/ Qualifications: RMA or be willing to work towards Proven track record of successful home management. Sound knowledge of CQC and Care Standards Registered with CSCI / CQC Dynamic A basic salary of up to ****  ****  (depending on experience) EXCELLENT career progression About company/ client: My client is a leading care provider who provides residential care to the elderly. My Client owns a range of properties across the Midlands, Yorkshire, the North West and the North East and all of their care homes have built up excellent reputations within their local communities. This has been established through their commitment to the ongoing provision of dedicated quality care delivered within a high quality, yet homely environment. How to apply: For more information this fantastic opportunity please contact Lorna Vasey on (Apply online only)	Chesterfield, Derbyshire	Chesterfield		permanent	Puro Search Ltd	Social work Jobs	27000 - 30000/annum	28500	cv-library.co.uk	0
47114	68573632	Telesales Executive (OTE **** Uncapped)	Telesales Executive (OTE **** Uncapped)Otley, West Yorkshire ****  **** DOE (OTE ****  **** Uncapped) Are you a driven media or advertising sales or lead generation professional seeking to develop your earning capacity? Looking to join a successful and highly regarded company that offers unlimited earning potential with an uncapped commission structure? If so, read on. Our client is a creative, forward thinking, technology driven lead generation company, operating very successfully within the financial services industry. An exciting opportunity has now arisen for a Telesales Executive to join their team. As a Telesales Executive, you will be responsible for selling our client's lead generation services. To achieve your goals, you will identify prospects and generate new business for our client. Your other duties will include:  Working to daily call targets Meeting monthly revenue targets Dealing with existing renewals and upselling to existing customers Proactively building a prospect bank and developing new business opportunities Processing sales orders and related administration requisites To be considered for this role, you must have a background of media or advertising sales or experience of lead generation. Equally important is your tenacious attitude and drive to achieve your targets. Additionally, as a Telesales Executive, you must be a goal orientated professional with strong team player attributes. You must also be an excellent communicator with a first class telephone manner and a strong customer focus. Candidates need to live within a commutable distance of Otley, West Yorkshire, or be willing to relocate. To apply for the role of Telesales Executive, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Telesales Executive, Telemarketing Executive, Telesales Advisor, Telemarketing Advisor, Sales Representative, Outbound Sales Executive, Sales Executive, Inbound Sales Advisor, Outbound Sales Advisor, Lead Generation. commission Salary: ****K ****K DOE (OTE ****K****K)	West Yorkshire - Otley	Otley	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Sales Jobs	18000 - 45000	31500	ukstaffsearch.com	0
27382	67901473	DATA MANAGEMENT ADMINISTRATOR	Our client is looking for an excellent technical administrator, with good presentation skills, experience of a Data Management system would be an advantage. They are ideally looking for a graduate however tertiary educated candidates would be accepted.There may be some occasional travel so candidates must posses a full clean driving license.Please see job description below : To manage the dayday maintenance of the Master Data Management (MDM) system. To support CRM colleagues with daytoday management of CRM system to include: database updates, Helpdesk support, process requests for listings, labels and other administrative materials generated from the system. ****To process daily data anomalies generated through MDM system. ****To support adhoc MDM system updates, e.g. Table amendments. ****To input information to the CRM system in order to improve the overall quality of data kept, by investigation and resolution of errors and entering of new data supplied by third party sources ****To output data from the CRM system as requested, for the purposes of reports, answers to queries or for administrative reasons. ****To maintain representative personnel on the CRM system and to distribute listings as required. ****To process requests for listings, labels and other administration pertinent to the CRM system. ****To provide helpdesk support to users concerning the CRM system. ****To match database information with that of external sources. ****Develop reports using MS Office applications, e.g. Excel, Access and PowerPoint. ****Periodically support CRM system training	HODDESDON, Hertfordshire	Hoddesdon		contract	Room At The Top	Admin Jobs	8.50 - 10/hour	17760	cv-library.co.uk	0
91947	69172470	Financial Analyst	Our highly successful market leading support services provider located in Luton Bedfordshire is looking to add a Financial Analyst to the team. Working closely with the financial controller you will be responsible for financial planning and analysis, budgeting, forecasting, management accounting amongst other tasks The Financial Analyst will be a key member of the finance team, covering a secondment so you must be committed and reliable. The ideal candidate will be a part qualified/QBE analyst. You will have a commercial mindset, an outgoing personality and the ability to challenge management across the business. Strong Excel skills and an aptitude for analysing information and relating it to the business activity is key. This is an opportunity to join a leading Blue Chip employer with a reputation for developing its employees. Ideally you will be able to start immediately and be able to commit for the 6 months. Excellent opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAnalyst_job****	Bedfordshire South East	UK		contract	Hewitson Walker	Accounting & Finance Jobs	25000 to 30000 per annum	27500	totaljobs.com	0
74341	68998912	Service Advisor	Experienced Service Advisor required for Main Dealer, will train on Pinnacle system, must have experience of Motability and preferably **** Link, the successful candidate will have excellent customer service skills as they will be dealing with a busy front desk. ****k  Bonus. ONLY CANDIDATES WITH PREVIOUS MOTOR TRADE EXPERIENCE WILL BE CONSIDERED	Essex	Essex		permanent	Chris Eastwood automotive Ltd	Other/General Jobs	18000/annum 18k + Bonus	18000	cv-library.co.uk	0
221031	72378363	Children s Senior Practitioner	Senior Practitioner  Vulnerable Children s Division Staffordshire ****  **** per hour A Children s Senior Practitioner is needed to work in the vulnerable children s division based in Staffordshire. You will provide the day to day supervision of non social work qualified staff, consulting with and providing advice to members of the team and will include completion of assessments and direct intervention with children in need, are subject to child protection processes and/or are Looked After. Duties:  Hold and manage a full caseload, prioritising all work in accordance with the Directorate s policies and procedures, standing orders, budgets and all relevant legislation Complying at all times with the policy and procedures of the Children and Life Long Learning Directorate in respect of all aspects of work Planning, carrying out and monitoring all activities required for individual children and families to ensure that the five Every Child Matters outcomes are achieved in conjunction with other agencies Undertake regular reviews of individual children s and families situations and to sue the outcome to formulate new arrangements and plans in conjunction with service users and other agencies Provide quality and timely assessments and reports Managing the complex cases allocated within the Team Responsible for chairing Child Protection Core Groups and other meetings Experience:  Professional Social Work Qualification 2 years post qualification Relevant training and experience in safeguarding Knowledge of child development Understanding of the Every Child Matters Agenda and Working Together to Safeguard Children and Care Matters To discuss this role or any other Qualified Social Worker jobs in the West Midlands Area or in the Social Work field please contact Sam Atkinson at the Synergy Group on **** **** **** or email your CV to sam.atkinsonsynergygroup.co.uk Working with the Synergy Group offers: The most experienced Social Work recruitment team in the UK Access to the broadest selection of Social Work vacancies in the UK The choice of PAYE or Limited Company Schemes Weekly payroll service Excellent rates of pay Honest and personal service from a consultant with over **** year s industry experience The Synergy Group is a Specialist Recruiter of Social Work Jobs, to view a full selection of our current vacancies please visit www.synergygroup.co.uk The Synergy Group is an equal opportunities employer. For more opportunities, please visit www.synergygroup.co.uk	Staffordshire, Staffordshire	Staffordshire			Synergy	Social work Jobs	21.67 - 26.44 per hour	46185	jobs.communitycare.co.uk	1
43876	68505677	Chef De Partie ****/****AA Rosette Edinburgh	The Role: Chef De Partie ****/**** AA Rosette Independent Restaurant Edinburgh Location: Edinburgh Scotland Package: ****K (Negotiable depending on experience) Ellis Mack Recruitment is working with one of Scotlands top Chefs in Edinburgh. Numerous industry awards The restaurant is currently operating at ****/**** AA Rosette level, operating as a high end brasserie style operation. Opened to excellent reviews, further accolades are likely on the way. The business operates with a core brigade of dedicated Chefs working **** over **** generally doing ****/**** covers at lunch service menu design, ordering etc The ideal Chef de Partie will: Have experience in a similarly high quality minimum **** AA Rosette preferably **** AA Rosette Possess a passion and knowledge for food. Be driven and focussed on first class standards on every aspect of the operation. Have shown loyalty and longevity throughout their career. Have excellent planning and organisational skills. Organizational personal presentation and be consummately professional at all times. This is an excellent opportunity to work with the best in the industry for the right candidate. To apply for this role please email your CV to chris.blackellismack.co.uk or call on **** **** **** REF: CB****	Edinburgh Lothians, UK, Greater London	London			Ellis Mack	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	16000-20000 Per Annum Negotiable DOE	18000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
52065	68664552	Head of International Fundraising	As Head of International Fundraising you will have the drive, experience and leadership skills to pull together key national fundraising staff from MSIF s member organisations and lead them towards shared global fundraising goals. Principal Tasks and Responsibilities: Develop, implement, monitor and evaluate MSIF s fundraising strategies, plans and income targets Lead and implement the MS movement s global fundraising strategy Maintain and diversify income from healthcare industry Build up a major donors, trusts and companies programme Oversee and review the use of other funding sources, including individuals and events Manage the relationship and daytoday communication with funders Develop relationships within MSIF and the wider membership Other duties **** Develop, implement, monitor and evaluate strategies, plans and income targets Develop MSIF s fundraising strategy and set financial income and expenditure targets in conjunction with the CEO and other staff Develop detailed yearly and multiyear operational plans for all aspects of fundraising including, the health care industry, major donor, trust, company and individual giving initiatives. Take the lead responsibility for the implementation of fundraising plans, working closely with the CEO, Director of Programmes and other staff Work closely with programme staff and Director of Programmes to build a compelling fundraising portfolio to form the basis of asks to potential funders Negotiate contracts, manage the relationships and monitor project delivery of consultants as appropriate. Presently **** consultants are engaged on particular projects: System development (prospecting etc), Case development, and Strategy development Development of the Global Fundraising Strategy Trust and Foundation Fundraising 2. Lead and implement the MS movement s global fundraising strategy Further develop the global fundraising strategy to increase the total amount raised by MSIF and its member organisations Implement the various elements of the strategy, such as systems to survey, monitor and evaluate national and international MSfundraising activities, deliver an internal communications programme to stimulate discussions and share best practice, and initiate common global fundraising projects with the corresponding common message platform. 3. Maintain and diversify income from the healthcare industry companies Ensure funding levels from the healthcare industry are maintained and increased until other funding has increased Diversify income by expanding the number of pharmaceutical companies which contribute to MSIF to a minimum of six **** Build up a major donors, trusts and companies programme Overseeing the work of the International Partnerships Manager, to develop, implement and manage a programme for raising funds for MSIF s programmes utilising contacts at member and Board level. 5. Oversee and review the use of other funding sources Work closely with the Advocacy Communications teams in relation to the development of the global individual supporter base, social media and digital giving. 6. Manage the relationship and daytoday communication with funders Manage MSIF s relationships and ensure ongoing contacts are maintained with pharmaceutical companies, major donors, trusts and other companies, working closely with the CEO Take the lead in preparing approaches and funding applications to all sources working closely with other staff Manage presentations and facetoface asks to funders Develop and maintain systems for ongoing information provision to donors Ensure that MSIF delivers on all its commitments to funders Contribute to the development, management and maintenance of relevant software. Record data in relation to donors and prospects whether individuals or organisations, including giving history, relationships and contacts Develop and maintain a system for thanking and recognition of donors **** Develop relationships within MSIF and across the membership At MSIF Secretariat level, work with the Director of Programmes and all staff members to ensure engagement with the fundraising process for their specific project/programme of work Work with the CEO, Chairman and members of the Fundraising Committee to prepare meetings of the Committee and participation of members in fundraising initiatives Work with fundraising professionals and others within MSIF member societies to develop a network that supports MSIF and member society fundraising for the global fundraising strategy and exchanges best practice **** Other duties In support of the above, negotiate and manage contracts with external consultants Attend and support MSIF s Board meetings, conferences and similar activities Contribute to the management of MSIF s electronic and hard copy filing systems and contact relationship management systems Contribute to overall strategic planning of MSIF The MSIF Secretariat is a small office. Often staff members are expected to work together and support each other in their respective endeavours. No MSIF post holders have an assistant or secretary. All members of staff are expected to be self servicing. We are looking for a strong team player with extensive fundraising experience, who brings a clear vision and strategic direction to the role. You will drive our international fundraising strategy, lead its delivery and take care of implementing substantial elements yourself. The ideal candidate has an international perspective, thrives on tackling our international challenges and will enjoy working in a small organisation that leads an increasingly connected and growing global MS movement. Person specification Essential Criteria: Experience of developing and driving fundraising strategies Extensive and proven fundraising experience (minimum 5 years) Experience of managing six figure budgets A track record in major donor / corporate / foundation fundraising with an excellent understanding of donor needs Experience of digital fundraising and supporter development Demonstrable experience of raising money from trusts and foundations Experience of fundraising in an international or national network or branch organisation and an understanding of the necessary diplomacy and coordination skills required Experience of developing new fundraising projects Excellent written and oral communication skills, ability to present complex and technical information in simple language at senior levels with significant individual and organisational donors/prospects Experience of managing or using fundraising/supporter software. A self starter who is able and happy to take a handson approach An efficient and methodical organiser Strong strategic and creative thinker Flexible and cooperative team player Able to interact and develop relationships with a wide range of different people A world view and understanding of diverse cultures Prepared to travel internationally occasionally Fluent spoken and written English Desirable criteria: Experience of fundraising in different countries Experience of fundraising in an international organisation Other foreign language skills Understanding of MS and its effects Experience of working in and/or understanding the challenges and opportunities of international organisations. Experience of managing consultants To apply please download an application form by clicking 'Apply now' and send with a cover letter to Yojitha Jesudasan at YojithaMSIF.org by Monday 25 February.	London, UK	London	full_time	permanent	Multiple Sclerosis International Federation	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	Circa 45k depending on experience	45000	Third Sector Jobs	1
67530	68718826	Tommys Clinical Research Fellow	Tommys Clinical Research Fellow ****   **** This post is available for 3 years. Based in the University of Edinburgh MRC Centre for Reproductive Health at Little France and clinical sites. A position exists for a fulltime clinical research fellow within the MRC Centre for Reproductive Health at the University of Edinburgh. The post will be of three years duration and will involve work on obesity and stress hormones in pregnancy. The project is funded by Tommy’s. The clinical research fellow will investigate the factors that regulate maternal/placental glucocorticoid metabolism and action and will investigate the role of glucocorticoids in the pathogenesis of obesepregnancy related disorders including delayed labour and stillbirth. Recruitment to clinical studies will be assisted by a research midwife and there will be access to clinical tissue from the Edinburgh Reproductive Tissue Biobank. The clinical research fellow will be primarily responsible for conducting clinical investigational studies within the Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Facility and for carrying out mechanistic laboratory studies. It is anticipated that the successful applicant will register for a PhD. This post would ideally suit an “academic track” clinician from obstetrics and gynaecology or diabetes /endocrinology. Informal enquiries which we encourage should be made to Dr Rebecca Reynolds (r.reynoldsed.ac.uk) Ref: **** Closing date: 11 February 2013. Employer details: The University of Edinburgh has been instrumental in shaping history for over 400 years. An exciting, vibrant, research led academic community we offer opportunities to work with leading international academics whose visions are shaping tomorrow's world. Our **** Schools, spread across 3 Colleges, offer over **** undergraduate and **** postgraduate courses to more than **** students each year. As a member of staff, you will not only be part of one the world's leading Universities, working with one of the leading employers in Edinburgh, with over **** people employed across a wide range of academic and supporting roles.	Lothian	West Lothian			University of Edinburgh	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	31,523 to 46,708	39115	jobs.scot.nhs.uk	0
32281	68096240	Law Costs Draftsman	Acorn is one of the UKs largest recruitment and training providers and their legal division is a major contributor to this success. As part of our legal division we have trained recruiters that specialise in Legal Costs. Our client base spans from small independent Law/Costs firms to Top 10 International Law Firms and have in fact recently placed the Head of Costs in a top 10 Law Firm and a Senior Costs Draftsmen in a top 50 Law Firm. We also do frequently place junior and mid level candidates in well respected firms across England and Wales which also boasts some high profile names. So if you are a Costs Draftsperson/Negotiator, Costs Manager/Head of Costs, Costs Clerk at any level and are looking for a new role whether it be within a Costs Firm or Law Firm and wish to put your career in the hands of a professional please forward your CV to adam.hawkinsacornpeople.com of the Preston branch or apply to this add and I will be in touch. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LawCostsDraftsman_job****	Sheffield South Yorkshire Yorkshire	Sheffield		permanent	ACORN RECRUITMENT LIMITED	Legal Jobs	20000 - 60000 per annum	40000	totaljobs.com	0
186923	71679586	Sales Negotiator	Various positions have arisen in Kent for experienced Estate Agents. Roles vary from Negotiator to Management level with realistic on target earnings of ****  **** Our clients, a leading Agent, also offer an exciting career path with a high commission structure and further benefits For further information please contact us. GCB Agency Recruitment is a specialized Estate Agency and Financial Services recruitment company dealing with all property related recruitment across the UK. We have many different Estate Agent jobs available from Branch Manager, Sales Manager, Property Valuer, Sales Negotiator, Sales Administrator, Lettings Manager, Property Manager, Lettings Negotiator, Lettings Administrator, Land and New Homes Advisors, Mortgage Consultants, Financial Advisors, Secretary and P/A, Inventory Clerk and Financial Administrators. We currently offer Estate Agency and Financial Services vacancies in Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Essex, London, Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Yorkshire, Cheshire, Merseyside, Humberside, Lancashire, Worcestershire, Bedfordshire, Northamptonshire, Warwickshire, Staffordshire, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and Gloucestershire, Kent, Hampshire, Sussex and Berkshire For all your Estate Agency and Financial Services needs contact GCB Agency Recruitment This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesNegotiator_job****	Kent South East	Kent		permanent	GCB Agency Recruitment	Sales Jobs	From 35,000 to 50,000 per annum	42500	totaljobs.com	0
68883	68801886	Primary Teacher required for PPA Cover in Derby	Primary Teacher required for PPA Cover ITN Mark Education are currently seeking a qualified Primary Teacher to do PPA cover 2 days a week. Working as part of the Key Stage **** team, you will be responsible for delivering engaging lessons and providing a consistent and supportive environment to your students. If you have a passion for Primary Teaching but want the flexibility of parttime work this could be the ideal position for you To apply you must have: QTS (Qualified Teacher Status) or be an NQT (Newly Qualified Teacher) Relevant Primary teaching experience A full DBS (CRB) check or you must be willing to obtain one. Who we are ITN Mark Education were voted 'Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency' at The Recruiter Awards for Excellence 2011. We pride ourselves on high levels of candidate service. As an ITN Mark teacher you will benefit from experienced education consultants offering career guidance and support. ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. Apply now with your most up to date CV Don't miss this excellent opportunity Contact **** **** **** or jobsitnmark.com ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.	Derby	Derby			ITN Mark Education	Teaching Jobs	20000 - 24000 per annum + COMPETITIVE	22000	contractjobs.com	0
56072	68681518	HR Assistant	Randstad Business Support are currently seeking an experienced HR Officer for a 6 month contract to work with one of our large clients in the Tewkesbury area. The successful candidate with hold full or part CIPD qualifications and have experience within a Manufacturing environment. Duties and responsibilities:  Provide first level advice and support to managers and employees on employee relations and policy issues in a timely and accurate way.  Support and advise managers with case management.  Support and advise in disciplinary, grievance, maternity and absence meetings.  Liaise with occupational health and managers where required.  Assist with implementation and maintenance of new HR information system.  Collate, analyse and report HR data and statistics using databases and Excel spreadsheets as required.  Support the HR staff where necessary in generalist work e.g. contracts and job descriptions.  Support bigger projects or run smaller projects as required.  Help develop, deliver and administer the annual Training Plan. To include: liaising with the OLA (elearning) coordinator, sourcing, organising administration and evaluation. Skills and Experience:  Have worked at Assistant HR Officer level or equivalent, with significant experience of employee relations work.  Additional experience and understanding of HR administration, and training and development work an advantage.  Experience of dealing with and communicating with all levels of employee and manager.  Proven ability to deliver accurate and timely work within a fast paced business environment. Education/professional qualifications required  Degree level or equivalent.  Partqualified CIPD. Person specification:  Confident communicator, patient and tactful, diplomatic and approachable.  Good written communication skills.  Organised, able to work autonomously and show initiative, able to prioritise and multi task.  Discrete, with the ability to work in an area of high confidentiality.  Able to stay calm in difficult situations.  Able to work fast and accurately.  Able to use databases, spreadsheets, and up to date software confidently.  Ability to analyse data and produce reports.  Work as part of a high performing team. To apply please press the 'apply' button on this website This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HRAssistant_job****	Tewkesbury Gloucestershire South West	Tewkesbury		permanent	Randstad	HR & Recruitment Jobs	27000 per annum + Excellent	27000	totaljobs.com	0
177008	71523109	Junior Account Manager (Digital)  Leeds  DOE	Junior Account Manager (Digital)  Leeds  D.O.E. My client in north Leeds is recruiting for a Junior Account Manager to join their team. This is a fantastic opportunity to take the next step in your account management career within a wellrespected and growing digital web agency. Main duties of the position: Manager a variety of digital projects from brief through to delivery and beyond Manage the relationship with some of their high value blue chip clients Manage internal and external resources and relationships Ensure projects stay on time and on budget To be successful in this position you will need the following: Experience within a clientfacing environment ****  18 months experience within a web agency Strong organisational skills Proactive work approach Team player Cando attitude You will get all the training that you require to set you on your way for a career in Account Management. Salary is dependent on experience but is in the region ****  **** To Apply: Please submit a copy of your latest CV ASAP in order to be considered for the role. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire and the Humber	Leeds		permanent		IT Jobs	24000	24000	technojobs.co.uk	0
47849	68584899	Junior Service Engineer	MCS Group are working alongside an emerging company that has offices throughout the UK and the Republic of Ireland, they are the leading distributer of advanced technologies and in particular gas detection devices. The company has been established for 10 years has seen an influx of new business with turnover last year of over 1 million. They are currently looking to recruit a Junior Service Engineer to join their company, The Role The Junior Service Engineer will be field based and also be required to service, calibrate, repair, install and commission a wide range of equipment . This would include gas btex, portable gas detection and leak detection amongst other products and devices. You will be updating the Customer Relationship Management Systems as well as producing service reports. The Person HND or HNC in electronic/electrical disciplines Computer Literate Benefits Great career progression opportunities Travel expenses Annual Leave Flexible working hours To speak in absolute confidence about this opportunity please contact Leslie Leung, Recruitment Consultant at MCS Group on **** **** **** or send an up to date CV via the link provided. MCS Group is a specialist consultancy focusing on IT Engineering careers. If this position is not right for you, we may have others that are. Please visit www.mcsgroup.jobs to view a wide selection of our current jobs. To discuss your specific career ambitions, please do not hesitate to contact us on **** **** **** or alternatively just send your details and we will get in touch. Also, for updates on the latest jobs and market information you can follow us on: Twitter MCSGroupBelfast Facebook  Linkedin  http:// Minimim Experience None	Co Antrim	UK		contract	ARRAY	HR & Recruitment Jobs	15000 - 20000	17500	recruitni.com	0
127596	70036310	Interim Procurement Lead, Governance Compliance	The world?s leading international security solutions group is looking for an Interim Global Procurement Lead, Governance and Compliance, Property, Estates and Facilities to join their team based in Sutton, Surrey. The company operate in more than 125 countries with over **** employees worldwide. The group generates a turnover of over **** billion and is the largest employer on the London Stock Exchange. The purpose of this role is to provide senior, high level, strategic procurement expertise and direction to the Group Procurement function and lead and manage other team members in the delivery of the Group procurement strategy, with particular responsibility for Governance and Compliance, plus the Estates/Property and Facilities categories. As a Global Procurement Lead your duties will include: ? To play a pivotal role in driving delivery of the global procurement strategy ? To be accountable for the design, development and implementation of the global strategy for the Estates / Property and Facilities category portfolio and the management of a number of direct reports ? The delivery of multimillion savings and benefits across the company regions, through category management and leadership and expertise in the continuous development of the Group Procurement function ? Taking responsibility and accountability for sourcing processes at a global level and utilisation of acknowledged sourcing techniques to deliver significant benefit to the group, through leverage of the organisation?s purchasing power ? To ensure a robust governance process is developed, communicated and implemented and compliance maintained across the business ? Taking responsibility and accountability for Benefits Tracking process and procedures and ensuring the regions provide timely, accurate information on a monthly basis, for presentation to the Group CFO/Exec. Committee ? Taking responsibility and accountability for ensuring spend data is collected across the Group on a regular basis to enable the Procurement Analyst to provide accurate data and support to the Group Procurement Team ? Taking responsibility for leading, coaching and mentoring UKI regional specific Category Managers The ideal Global Procurement Lead will have the following skills and experiences: ? Recognised reputation and expertise in strategy development and delivery ? A natural leader with exemplary coaching, mentoring and management skills ? Strong ability to work in a pressurised environment, with a large degree of uncertainty and to foster a highly collaborative culture through use of stakeholder management skills at a senior level e.g MD, regional CEO/CFO level ? Experience of category management development across a global platform and indepth experience of sourcing techniques and approaches ? Awareness of key cost drivers, supply markets and indepth category knowledge for own categories ? Strong commercial acumen and business knowledge gained through a career in fastpaced, commerciallyfocused bluechip companies ? Excellent communication skills; ability to speak any European language a bonus ? Strong project management skills and ability to act as an ambassador for procurement at all levels ? Ability to navigate a complex business with multiple stakeholders in multiple countries, whilst demonstrating integrity, fairness and professionalism ? Experience of leading teams at a senior level ? A 2.1 degree from a Russell Group university or equivalent is desirable ? Considerable experience in leading category management within a global FTSE100 company or equivalent ? Flexible and approachable with a strong desire to succeed The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.	UK	UK	full_time	permanent	Candidate Source Ltd	Other/General Jobs	From 10,000 to 10,000 per year	10000	fish4.co.uk	0
98908	69523437	Assistant Manager – Powerleague Milton Keynes	Lucozade Powerleague Fives Ltd is the biggest player in the fiveaside football game, with 45 sites and **** pitches across the UK and Europe, with a branch expansion program underway. Due to this expansion we are looking for a talented, commercially aware Assistant Manager for one of our 5aside complex s in Milton Keynes. The job s a mixture of proactive selling, people management and keeping an eye on that all important bottom line. So you ll be an allrounder with a flair for customer care in a soccer environment. Management experience of working in the sports/leisure sector is desirable, most importantly you will need a positive attitude and a passion for delivering a Quality Service. With a starting salary of ****  **** together with a performance related bonus scheme we are undoubtedly competitive, we also aim to invest in your career with exciting career progression opportunities available.	Walnut Tree, Milton Keynes	Walnut Tree		permanent	Powerleague	Travel Jobs	Starting salary of 16,000 - 19,000 together with a performance related bonus scheme	17500	leisurejobs.com	0
68133	68782379	Area Manager  Cosmetics	We are currently looking for an outgoing, confident and ambitious area manager to lead the team for this successful cosmetics company. With a global presence, this company are moving from strength to strength, with very healthy like for like sales growth. The stores and concessions are bright and the teams are friendly, providing a great place to shop and have a makeover. We are looking for a successful area, cluster, multisite manager or flagship store managers for this exciting opportunity. Ideal backgrounds are fashion or cosmetics but all retail backgrounds will be considered. You will be responsible for around ten sites and have full accountability for sales, standards, training and profit. In return you will get to work for a successful, admired brand who will provide you will industry leading training, a competitive salary and a rewarding bonus structure. This job was originally posted as www.retailchoice.com/JobSeeking/AreaManagerCosmetics_job****	North West	North West London		permanent	Retail Human Resources	Retail Jobs	27000 - 32000 per annum + bonus	29500	retailchoice.com	0
115866	69775975	Engineering Services Manager	Engineering Services Manager M s premier property management consortium s. You would be the person responsible for providing delivery of maintenance support to the portfolio maintenance manager at one Europe s most cutting edge building property providers. About the Role; Your role would be to support the directors and provide the clients of the properties with maintenance and project management support in managing the service providers and subcontractors. The Engineering Manager would also be involved in putting together the systems and operating procedures for the buildings and ensuring that all matters pertaining to compliance are upheld. The small works projects would range from replacement of Generator plant, HV and LV switch gear replacement, upgrade of UPS systems, replacement of BMS systems, Chiller replacement and upgrade of CHP equipment. In addition you would also attend client meetings with the directors and be able to contribute to the discussion with a firm belief that the data provided is correct. About the Person; Ideally we would prefer someone who is qualified to at least HND or equivalent but experience coupled with a strong technical background is really what counts. Creativity, accuracy, business acumen and a forthright attitude will be personality traits that will succeed in this role. We would also give preference to anyone with experience in client side management or property management consultancy. You would require a very strong understanding of Mechanical and Electrical systems and ideally we would like someone who could put together a Project Management process for the group of buildings. If you are a Engineering Manager with Mechanical or Electrical experience and would like to discuss this position in more detail please submit your CV via this advert to Martin Paxman at The Management Recruitment Group or call (Apply online only) in confidence	West London, South East	East Sheen		permanent	The Management Recruitment Group	Engineering Jobs	45000 - 48000/annum Holidays, Pension, Health Care	46500	cv-library.co.uk	1
120613	69928877	Maintenance Electrician	Our client is a multisite, blue chip organisation. They are looking to strengthen their team at the moment and are looking for an experienced Engineer to work on the day shift. You will be Electrical/Mechanical and have experience planned preventative maintenance, fault finding, general electrical works. Electrical bias with Mechanical experience. Day shift system in operation. Excellent company. For further information and to apply send in your CV or call Kate on **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** **** ****	Merseyside	Merseyside			Rec 2 Rec Liverpool	Engineering Jobs	28000	28000	MyUkJobs	0
94026	69194037	Interim HR Manager	The successful candidate will have a proved track record of comprehensive HR Generalist delivery with an emphasis on ER and Senior Stakeholder engagement. While candidates from all areas of the Retail sector are of interest, a fashion background is desirable. As a Generalist, the successful candidate will be responsible for supporting with all HR initiatives including Employee Relations, Recruitment, Reward, Benefits, Training and the implementation of HR policies. Previous line management experience is also required. Main Deliverables European and International ER Involvement in strategic project work as directed by the Head of HR Maintaining existing policies and procedures Supporting team and managing complex cases as required Project and best practice focus in all areas of HR Designing and delivering Training Recruitment and selection at all levels Identifying areas where HR can add to the bottom line Creating and launching new policies and procedures as required HR Benefit / Cost analysis Maintaining and developing employee handbooks HR Statistics, Trade reports Developing the Junior members of the HR team Building key stakeholder relationships including Director level Candidates will need to demonstrate the ability to hit the ground running in a fastpaced environment.	London, England, Greater London	London			Investigo	HR & Recruitment Jobs	45000.00 per annum	45000	Personneltoday Jobs	1
156885	71098598	Control Systems  Project Manager	My client has an immediate requirement for a Control Systems Project Manager to provide support across the project lifecycle. Clients are normally based in the UK but flexibility to work abroad is essential. The right candidates will need to demonstrate a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. The successful candidate will have:  Experience of managing projects and bids to time, cost and quality constraints or;  Significant experience in the delivery of systems integration projects involving EC I, SCADA and PLC disciplines and looking for a move into project management. Applicants for this position must have the right to work in the UK without restriction. The requirements: Candidates will ideally be Degree qualified (ideally ****:**** or above) or equivalent, and have experience of project management and / or technical leadership of projects to time, quality and cost objectives. A good track record in one or more of the following is required:  Planning, and updating plans to react to changing requirements  Financial ownership / budgetary responsibility  Administration of all aspects of financial management of projects (e.g. Purchase Orders. Invoicing, Forecasting Cost to Complete etc.)  Risk management  theory plus evidence of understanding risk identification and mitigation  Technical appreciation of software products and delivery practice  Experience of EC I, SCADA and PLC technologies and projects You'll also be able to demonstrate the following:  Developing client management and communication skills  Team leadership, and a understanding of how to assess and get the best from a team  Commercial appreciation, including bidding, scoping and negotiating  A drive to deliver, including evidence to support your delivery focus and attention to detail  Adaptability and flexibility  Supplier and subcontractor management Ideally you will also:  Have experience in the development and delivery of EC I, SCADA and PLC projects  Have an interest in Project Management qualifications and training  Be pursuing or interested in pursuing Chartership through the Association of Project Management (APM) or an equivalent professional body Additional information: SECURITY  All candidates must be in a position to obtain UK security clearance to SC level. Additional restrictions may apply to certain projects Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.	Surrey - Croydon	UK	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	Engineering Jobs	40000-49999	44999	london4jobs.co.uk	1
15792	66771154	Senior Major Donor Manager	This leading international development charity is looking for a Senior Major Donor Fundraiser to take responsibility for a portfolio of existing and potential major donor relationships. You will need to steward relationships in order to gain	London	London		permanent	TPP	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	35000 - 40000 per annum	37500	charityjob.co.uk	0
189037	71706535	Technical Sales Engineer  Heat Treament	Job Title: Technical Sales Engineer Salary: ****k  ****k Basic, Bonus/Car/Benefits Location: Midlands, Birmingham, Coventry, Leicestershire, Warwickshire Our client is a leader in the provision of Heat Treatment services sectors such as Defence/Aerospace/Defence/Automotive. A requirement now exists for a Technical Sales Engineer to deliver new business revenue across new named and existing accounts. To be considered for this position, you will have a background in: Technical Sales, responsible for the complete sales cycle Metallurgy, Heat Treament or Material Science knowledge, ideally, in the following services:  Sealed Quench  Shot Blasting  Shot Peening  Fluidised Bed  Nitrocarburising  Plasma Nitriding	Birmingham West Midlands England	Birmingham			Nonstop Engineering	Engineering Jobs	30000 -35000 per annum	32500	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
218919	72338820	Assistant Transport Administrator	We are recruiting a for a new, Assistant Transport Administrator for our expanding, Telford based client on a temp to perm basis. On a daily basis you will be responsible for the order picking and delivery documentation and process to conclusion, the monitoring of sales orders to ensure sufficient transport providers are in place to service demand, collating completed delivery notes, reconciling order picking documentation and produce POD trail for all orders. You must also have experience of route planning and will therefore have worked within a transport office environment. Free parking is available on site	Shropshire, West Midlands	Shropshire		contract	Prince Personnel Limited	Other/General Jobs	17500/annum Depending on experience	17500	cv-library.co.uk	0
159532	71171459	Marketing Manager  Online	Marketing Manager  Online ****  Comm Our client is a leading online video technology company that taken the market by storm Currently looking for a Marketing Manager. As Marketing Manager you will be focused on the advertising and promotional activities With a strategic manner you will be assertive when meetingyour organisational objectives. With a business head you will generating revenue and keep upodate with marketing budgets developing and driving the business forward. You will troubleshoot offering solutions, best practices and opinions throughout media industry via events, sponsorship, trade advertising and other communication methods. You will have strong communication skills managing and prioritising promotions across the product portfolio. Your enthusiasm and drive will enable you to achieve results successfully. You will have previous marketig experience and knowledge of the digital media/advertsing industry. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a fast paced media company offering great benefits and share options. If you believe you have the skills and qualities for this role, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Marketing Manager include: . Strategise, develop, and execute marketing initiatives that drive business growth and achieve department goals. . Develop thoughtleadership materials, client/executive presentations, case studies and other collateral/promotional materials to communicate value proposition and accelerate awareness with appropriate business groups (i.e.: advertisers, media agencies, content/publisher communities, etc) . Craft compelling positioning and messaging for online video advertising and monetization solutions within marketplace. . Work with local PR team to identify, execute and package compelling press opportunities to communicate unique value and differentiation throughout the advertising/media industry. . Evangelise offering and solutions, best practices and opinions throughout media industry via events, sponsorship, trade advertising, and other communications efforts. . Support in the developing and execution of strategic and innovative products/solutions based on customer/market demands. . Work closely with department heads/executives to brainstorm business ideas, execute new strategies, and support tasks when applicable. . Act as brand steward  overseeing the use and distribution of the brand element/guidelines, lead coordination of development/evolution of brand with creative teams. Qualities we're looking for in the Marketing Manager include: . Previous marketing experience and knowledge of the digital media/advertising industry . Proven track record developing marketing strategies and translating objectives into results . Deep understanding of marketing best practices (qualitative and quantitative information) to create persuasive marketing messages . Experience working in a sales/advertising organization . Excellent telephone and client facing skills . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . A solid ability to work at all levels . Excellent interpersonal and organisational skills . Strong communication skills, both written and verbal . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/MarketingManagerOnline_job****	Other	UK			Moriati Media UK Ltd	Sales Jobs	60,000 + Comm	60000	salestarget.co.uk	1
153215	70782949	Senior Infrastructure Engineer	Senior Infrastructure Engineer, VMWare / Virtualisation Evangelist, Hyper V, Cloud, Leeds, Yorkshire, UK Up to **** per day dependent upon experience and recent remuneration Our client is currently recruiting for an experienced Senior Infrastructure Engineer to join their team in the North West. This is a fantastic opportunity for a highly skilled and technically knowledgeable Infrastructure professional to join in with some exciting, business critical projects. The role requires hands on engineering experience and good technical knowledge as well as excellent interpersonal skills. Managerial skills are also required, ranging from man management experience and excellent communication skills. The project requires experienced Infrastructure Consultants with a strong depth of experience in at least two of the following: Data Centre consolidation Sustainable IT: Strategies, Technologies and Issues Cloud and virtualisation Infrastructure cost reduction Infrastructure strategy The successful candidate will: Provide top level infrastructure consultancy services to our clients Work with Customer Managers, Technical Architects, Solution Designers and senior levels on client site Technologies used: Demonstrate experience of design and deployment of at least **** major infrastructure technology sets from Microsoft, IBM, EMC, HP, Cisco, VMWare or similar. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorInfrastructureEngineer_job****	Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Leeds		contract	Experis IT	IT Jobs	300 - 400 per day	84000	cwjobs.co.uk	1
36040	68241575	Commercial Motor Team Leader	Our client a well known motor insurer with offices in East London are keen to find a Commercial Motor Team Leader to take full ownership of the day to day management of Motor Fleet/Trade and Taxi business. The ideal candidate will have solid experience in an underwriting environment/motor broking with specific focus on Commercial Motor Fleet business. Will need to lead a team therefore management experience would be a distinct advantage.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business.	East London	East London		permanent	Hillman Saunders	Accounting & Finance Jobs	30000.00 - 35000.00 per annum	32500	insurancejobs.co.uk	0
48752	68609423	PCB Surface Mounter	Company Our client is currently looking for a PCB Assembler Surface Mounter to join their established and friendly team. Job Role This position is to build PCB's using surface mounting techniques, and to test boards once you have built them. Criteria To apply you must have surfaced mounting experience of building PCB's. Ideally an electrical qualification, however, this is not essential. Next Action To apply for this vacancy, please send you CV to Kelly Graham on industrialtravail.org.uk, or call her on **** **** **** Travail Employment Group is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Travail has been established since **** and has over **** branches nationwide. Our Sheffield branch was opened in **** and has specialist consultants who each deal with different market segments. To apply for this or other similar roles in Sheffield and Rotherham areas, please contact our office on **** ****	Sheffield	Sheffield			Travail Employment Group Ltd	Engineering Jobs	7.14 p/h	13708	MyUkJobs	0
157415	71109819	Pensions Administrator  6 month contract	Looking for a contract role in Bristol? This leading consultancy currently has a number of vacancies for Pensions Administrators to undertake 6 month contract roles. With prior experience administering occupational schemes, you will be involved in schemes going into wind up and will additionally be involved in projects such as GMP reconciliations. Possessing first rate communication skills, you will liaise with members with regards to questions and queries. Numerically minded, you will be able to produce both manual and automated calculations. The ideal candidate will be immediately available to undertake a 6 month contract role. Previous experience working on discontinued schemes would be advantageous. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.	Bristol	Bristol		contract	Sammons Pensions	Accounting & Finance Jobs	GBP20000 - 25000 per annum	22500	professionalpensionsjobs.com	0
71178	68834541	Chef de Partie	Holroyd Howe Independent is one of the UK's leading contract caterers, providing fresh food services solely to independent schools and colleges. We are a team of experienced professionals who tailor our catering service provision specifically to suit children, of all ages, meeting the bespoke requirements of each school. We are currently looking for a Chef De Partie to be located at Old Palace School in Croydon. Relevant experience is essential, ideally in an education environment, As well as having excellent presentation and communication skills, you will be able to demonstrate a real passion for food and service and possess bags of enthusiasm. Holroyd Howe is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all employees to share this commitment. A CRB disclosure will be required for this role. To apply, please email your CV to Hannah Bond at hbondholroydhowe.com This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartie_job****	Croydon, Surrey Surrey South East	UK			Holroyd Howe Independent	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	Upto 18,000 per annum	18000	caterer.com	0
228350	72446608	Assistant Materials Manager	Assistant Materials Manager Worcestershire Permanent ********k per annum A leading, Automotive Tier **** supplier is recruiting for a Senior Coordinator/ Assistant Materials manager for their operation based in Worcestershire. You will have overall responsibility for a small team including the BOM team and materials team and will ensure that there is a continuous supply of materials to satisfy production demand. Key Responsibilities  Introduce and implement internal strategic materials systems and procedures in order to ensure continuous improvements and meet customer requirements.  Monitor and report to the Materials Manager KPI measures set using QOS methodology.  Strategically manage the coordination of material supply into the plant in order to support manufacturing build  Ensure stock accuracy within the BPCS system to enable effective management of material component supply  Work effectively with other internal departments such as Manufacturing, Quality, HR and Finance  On a daily basis, communicate with the Operations team in order to inform them of current quality concerns, goals and targets. This is to ensure a multifunctional team approach in relation to problem resolution and continuous improvement  Work with the Engineering department/Program Management on the introduction of the new model and product changes, with the use of Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP) to ensure all logistics aspects considered and met Experience required  Previous materials responsibility for manufacturing facility  Knowledge of MPS and MRP systems  Excellent presentation skills  Proven management skills ASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at www.ascconnections.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantMaterialsManager_job****	Redditch Worcestershire West Midlands	Redditch		permanent	ASC Connections Ltd	Other/General Jobs	30000 - 45000 per annum	37500	totaljobs.com	0
171496	71375583	Customer Service Advisor  French	Leading Northern Ireland Manufacturing client has an immediate requirement for a French speaking Customer Service Advisor to join their team. This is a temporary role initially for 12 months with possible permanent opportunity for the successful candidate. Duties: Deal with incoming emails Deal with incoming calls Respond to emails Escalate enquiries Liaise with suppliers General administrative duties Criteria: Fluent French both written and spoken Previous relevant experience preferred Accounts payable experience (desirable) To apply for this position please email your CV via the link provided To view our full range of similar vacancies or to register for jobs alerts via Twitter, please visit our website at www.bondselection.com As a corporate member of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC), Bond Search Selection operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business. We adhere to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, race, sex, disability or religious belief.	Ulster	UK		contract	Bond Search Selection Ltd	Customer Services Jobs	10000 - 20000	15000	nijobs.com	0
41972	68410871	Teaching Assistant  AAAD****	The Governing Body are seeking a Special Needs Teaching Assistant to work with a child in our Resource Provision for children with statements for behaviour. The successful candidate will be a reliable, compassionate person who will work as part of a strong and committed team, and will have an understanding of such conditions as Autistic Spectrum Conditions, Asperger's and ADHD. Routine class cover is not required for this post. You are welcome to visit the school prior to applying, please contact Mrs Futcher on **** **** to arrange. Ideally we would like the successful candidate to start the week beginning 25th February or sooner if possible. Interviews will be held on Friday 8th February. To apply, please download an application form from the jobs page on the Cheshire East website and send it to the school at: Hungerford Primary School School Crescent Crewe CW**** 5HA Email  adminhungerford.cheshire.sch.uk 	Crewe	Crewe	part_time		Cheshire East Council	Other/General Jobs	16,830.00 - 19,126.00 per year pro rata	17978	Jobcentre Plus	0
71055	68833872	Design Engineer	Are you a design engineer looking for a new challenge? Do you have the potential to convert great ideas into commercially successful products? Do you have experience with ****D CAD & DFM? If so, read on as this could be the ideal role for you The client I am representing is a world leading manufacturer in its field and supplies into a number of different markets including pharmaceutical, industrial and environmental industries. Following their recent expansion and increased investment in New Product Development at their Falmouth headquarters, they now have a vacancy for an ambitious mechanical design engineer, capable of producing innovative design solutions that satisfy the requirements of extremely demanding and diverse applications across the globe. If you have a BSc or equivalent in engineering, are creative and can demonstrate a natural aptitude for ****D design, you could fit perfectly within the product design team. Ideally you will have a minimum of two years relevant experience. As we are part of an international group of companies, you may be required to travel overseas. In return we offer competitive remuneration, an excellent working environment and excellent prospects. To apply for the role, please submit an up to date copy of your CV in response to this advert or for more information, call Liam Fairey on **** **** **** JAM Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position	Holsworthy Cornwall South West	UK		permanent		IT Jobs	32000	32000	technojobs.co.uk	0
156522	71094876	RGN Band 5 Blackburn  Blackburn	Medacs Healthcare a UK Leading Nurse Agency are currently looking for experienced Registered General Nurses to work in various locations across Lancashire. Due to recent contract wins we are now recruiting for RGN's to work in The Royal Blackburn Hospital. Mandatory Training will be provided by Medacs. All positions are subject to a CRB check and references.•Your choice of shifts in hospitals in Lancashire including Blackburn Preston and Chorley.•Excellent pay rates •Daily payroll •Fast track registration •Experienced recruitment consultants •****hour support service •Free mandatory training •Holiday pay •**** refer a nurse bonus schemeMinimum requirementsAll we ask in return is that you have at least 6 months' recent NHS Ward based experience a current NMC PIN and have had a full course of Hepatitis B and MMR vaccinations.	Blackburn	Blackburn		contract	Medacs Healthcare	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	15.00 - 21.00/Hour	34560	staffnurse.com	0
195560	71801023	Communications Manager	Head of Communications  Professional Services ****k West Midlands My client is a progressive professional services firm currently looking to recruit an experienced Head of Communications. Reporting into the Commercial Director and managing a team of 4 you will be responsible for both internal and external communications strategy and delivery. Working closely with the CEO and management board you will develop and lead the communications strategy for the firm as well as developing tactics to raise the profile and reputation in line with the firm's overall strategy. The role is responsible for producing exceptional communications through the website, email updates, hardcopy newsletters, other publications, social media websites, media and press relations, advertising and events. You will be required to work closely with the business development team regionally around suitable media  webinars, videouploads and other methods  to appeal to busy business professionals' who are the firms' client contacts and prospects. The successful candidate will be educated to degree level and a marketing or further business qualification would be an advantage. You will have an expert understanding of the communications mix to include press and public relations, web/online, event management, direct mail, literature production and database management. You will have extremely strong writing and oral communication skills and you will be able to routinely produce excellent written copy and presentations with special emphasis on promotional writing under tight deadlines. Experience in media relations and proactive publicity campaigns are also a must as is knowledge of branding and branding development tracking/measurement. Strong people management skills and the ability to work well in interdepartmental teams and provide fresh and creative ideas are essential. You will have had experience in managing PR and crisis communications both internally and externally and you will provide leadership to the communications team. A background in professsional services is essential.	West Midlands, England	West Midlands				PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	35000 - 39000 per annum	37000	onlymarketingjobs.com	0
207442	72128271	SWIFT Consultant  Integration and Support  SWIFT, UNIX, ORACLE	SWIFT Consultant  Integration and Support  SWIFT, UNIX, ORACLE SWIFT Consultant is required by European based SWIFT Service Bureau and Payments vendor, currently further expanding their UK presence. This client facing/liaising role will see you providing handson support of Bureau clients utilising their SWIFT gateway and payment processing engine, whilst also supporting some of their products around reconciliations and matching. This highly skilled company with huge capacity for growth and scalability is a recognised European market leader. Solid skills required around : Messaging and SWIFT and although certification preferred, it's not required. You will ideally come from a Bank, a Consultancy or a Solutions vendor and have experience of working hands on with SWIFT on implementation work or support. SWIFT knowledge (ideally SAA, SAG) Messaging Infrastructure Support Financial market experience either client side of solutions/vendor, Oracle database (and databases in general) SQL Knowledge of UNIX (and O/S in general) This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SWIFTConsultantIntegrationandSupportSWIFTUNIXORACLE_job****	City London South East	London		permanent	JWResource	IT Jobs	From 40,000 to 65,000 per annum plus benefits	52500	cwjobs.co.uk	1
51764	68645969	Clinical Study Coordinator (Research Nurse/Research Physiotherapist)	NUFFIELD DEPARTMENT OF ORTHOPAEDICS, RHEUMATOLOGY AND MUSCULOSKELETAL SCIENCES Clinical Study Coordinator (Research Nurse/Research Physiotherapist) (****) Grade ****: Salary in the range of **** **** per annum An exciting opportunity has arisen for the appointment of a dynamic, selfmotivated fulltime Clinical Study Coordinator to join our successful research team based in the Nuffield Department of Orthopaedics, Rheumatology and Musculoskeletal Sciences at the Botnar Research Centre, Nuffield Orthopaedic Centre (NOC), Oxford. The postholder will be responsible to the OSIRIS Trials Manager and the OVIVA Chief Investigator. Your primary responsibility will be to work with the Chief Investigator to efficiently develop and coordinate OVIVA at a national level. This role will also involve coordination of patient recruitment to OVIVA at the NOC. Due to this patient contact, ideally you will have clinical experience in musculoskeletal disease either as a nurse or physiotherapist. This role will be supervised by an experienced trial manager who will help with aspects of the trial coordination. This post may suit those working in the clinical field who are looking for a change and a challenge. You must have state registration as healthcare professional as well as project management experience and evidence of substantial problem solving skills. It is essential that you are willing to travel to remote sites across the UK. Some knowledge of the set up process for clinical trials, including regulatory and governance requirements is also necessary. It is desirable that you have experience of coordinating clinical trials or other health related projects and also experience of working within a hospital outpatients environment, dealing with patients who have musculoskeletal and bone diseases. Experience of managing budgets and some experience of data analysis, including clinical statistics/health economics would be an advantage. This is a fulltime appointment for 3 years in the first instance. The closing date for this position is **** noon on Monday, 11 February 2013. You will be required to upload a supporting statement and CV as part of your online application. To apply for this role and for further details, including the job description and selection criteria, please click on the APPLY NOW button below:	Oxford, South East	Oxford	full_time		University of Oxford	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	29,249.00 - 32,901.00 per annum	31075	rcnbulletinjobs.co.uk	0
20126	67151488	Paediatric Outpatient Nurse  Band 6 (London)  London	HCL Permanent`s client, a private hospital in London, is looking for a Senior Staff Nurse to work in their Paediatric Outpatients Department. Salary: **** to **** per annum plus benefits The hospital`s paediatric facilities are worldclass, offering a comprehensive range of extensive services at one site. In the Paediatric Outpatients Department you will fulfil a key part of this process, delivering care to patients and their families. Working in a professional and caring environment, you will oversee the day to day runnings of the Paediatric Outpatient Nursing team, liaising with all elements of the multidisciplinary team. As a Senior Staff Nurse you will be expected to act as a role model and mentor to junior members of staff. Requirements:  NMC registered  **** year`s Paediatric experience  Mentorship course Benefits:  Private health cover  Pension scheme  Professional training and development programme  Season travel ticket loan To apply call Brian Christie on **** **** **** or email your CV to apply.a****lfw****l****erihclpermanent.aptrack.co	London	London	full_time		HCL Permanent	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	32,000 - 35,000/Year	33500	staffnurse.com	0
244167	72694529	Recruitment Consultant	Recruitment Consultant Industry award winning recruitment business, Zest Solutions, looking to add accomplished Recruitment Consultants to their rapidly expanding Bristol Team (National Award for Outstanding Employee Engagement). Make no mistake  Zest is different. We have a track record of developing some of the best recruitment consultants in the industry through ongoing training, development and a clear vision for the business as a whole to be a market leader. You will play a pivotal part in the growth and expansion of Zest Solutions' second UK office  based in Clifton, Bristol. If you are top of your game then the opportunity to fast track into leadership role is very real. Without any of the fluffy BS these are the **** main principles we are built around: Refreshing We do things rather differently from how you might expect. Firstly, we invest in our people and are prepared to give what it takes to get the very best players in our team. We give full autonomy to our, as both trainee consultants and fully fledged recruitment consultants so it's down to them to make the decisions that build the business. We give our clients a service to beat all others and we never let them down  our client's feedback says it all  just have a look at our website  zestsolutions.co.uk Reinforcing We're hot on personal development and reinvestment in the business and with a rewards structure that directly reflects achievement, we're streets ahead of any competition. Individuals who can demonstrate ambition, drive, energy and a cando attitude is what we are looking for  whether you have a proven track record as a recruitment consultant or sales executive or are a raw graduate or trainee. In an ideal world you will be a graduate or someone with exposure to b2b sales / telesales We invest in you extensively offering an ongoing training and development programme delivered through our qualified leadership and recruitment trainers Reassuring We offer an unrivalled and uncapped bonus structure that rewards real achievement. At Zest the amount you earn and your career development will be entirely dependent on how good you are. If you're the very best then the opportunities are both real and significant. We also offer a comprehensive benefits package including company car target, gym membership, private health, company holidays, Friday night drinks plus legends and achiever club prizes Let’s look at a typical day in Zest. In fact, we can’t do this because there is no typical day. Being a recruitment consultant is one of the most diverse roles you are likely to work in. No two days are the same and rarely a dull moment. Within one day you could be sourcing candidates, meeting new clients developing recruitment strategies and later interviewing candidates. Of course the degree to which this is true is down to you – depending on your level of experience you will be running your part of the business. The job of Recruitment Consultant is all about marrying sales skills with psychological skills. In order to be good at the job you need to have an innate ability (developed with training)to present things in good light, the tenacity to keep going when you think something is of value. A genuine interest in people that helps you to understand them and a capacity to build strong sustainable relationships. You develop business – so you will become a business development guru. You research, and network candidates for roles and then technically screen them. Second place is the first person to come last in recruitment. Sales and outstanding service could be two key words to describe a key recruiter. Add to that a huge amount of hard work in speaking to candidates and clients and following a process to make placements, and you have the essence of recruitment. Recruitment provides you with a level of business acumen second to none –it is a career that will give you such a diverse and yet detailed understanding of the business market. It gives you a very large and highly transferable skills set for the business world; it provides training and development; it gives you as much autonomy as you want to have, of course the pay and rewards are great, alongside fantastic training, development and long term career opportunities Our business is built on organic growth, leaders in our Stamford and Bristol offices started as trainees We are always keen to speak with ambitious individuals that are looking for a business that can offer a fulfilling and rewarding career. Package. Basic  uncapped bonus  gym  bupa  Car allowance target  company parties  holiday targets: Year one OTE ****k to ****k Year two OTE **** to ****k(it's up to you) If you feel like you have got what it takes please call our Managing Director Chris Trudgian in our Bristol office on [blocked]	Bristol Bristol England	Bristol			Zest Solutions	HR & Recruitment Jobs	35000 -60000 per annum	47500	gojobsearch.co.uk	1
16998	66905634	Mechanical Design Engineer	Introduction Mechanical Design Engineers Our client, a large consultancy within the water industry is looking for Mechanical Design Engineers for a **** month  contract, based out of their office in Exeter. Important Water industry experience The Job I am recruiting for a Mechanical Design Engineer who has potable water treatment and water distribution experience. The project that you will be involved in is the design of **** new potable water treatment works in Iraq and the complete refurbishment of the existing **** works. The project also includes pump stations for transmission and distribution. Your primary tasks would include markingup of drawings, liaising with suppliers, completing data sheets, populating schedules and other detailed design elements The ideal candidate will have Middle East water experience, however this is not essential. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.	Exeter	Exeter			Matchtech Group plc.	Engineering Jobs	30 - 35/hr	62400	rengineeringjobs.com	1
138408	70445581	Reception Primary Teacher in Romford	Reception Primary Teacher in Romford Long term contract Reception Class Teacher required A 'good primary school' in the Romford area require a reception teacher commence ASAP or from Easter ****0****3, possibly sooner should the right candidate become available. Successful candidates will be offered a 1 year contract with the likelihood of a permanent contract following. Leadership at this primary school is very strong and support is always on hand if needed. Experience of teaching KS2 in the UK is beneficial along with strong behaviour management. You will have the full time support of exceptional support staff. You will be responsible for teaching a class of talented young children. Phase Leaders and the SMT are extremely supportive and promote the sharing of ideas and best practice to keep things exciting and new within the primary school for both students and teachers. This primary school is within close proximity to local transport links. Interested? Apply today APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: ? You must have the legal right to work in the UK ? You must hold QTS or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualification ? This position is subject to an Enhanced CRB Disclosure, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) and professional reference checks ? Your CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and any employment breaks must be explained DISCLAIMER 'No terminology in the above advertisement is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Tradewind Recruitment is proud to be an Equal Opportunities Employer and accepts applications from all sections of the community. ??	City of London - London	The City	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	HR & Recruitment Jobs	31200-37700	34450	london4jobs.co.uk	0
140532	70576954	Venue and Client Coordinator  Independent MK Charity	We ve just had our most successful year ever, putting more than 1 million into supporting local charities. To take the business forward and achieve their ambitions for ****013 and beyond, we are seeking an exceptional person. We are an independent charity that inspires philanthropy in people and organisations to support their local communities. We champion the work and changing needs of the voluntary sector, providing long term support through our grantmaking and property portfolio. VENUE AND CLIENT COORDINATOR (2 posts) Location: Acorn House and Midsummer House, Milton Keynes Salary: **** (Full time and inclusive of 5% pension contribution) This is an exciting and pivotal role at the Community Foundation, with the main purpose to deliver high quality conference, meeting room services; undertake reception duties; provide administrative support to all venue activities to ensure the smooth running of both of MK Community Foundation s City Centre Properties. You will be involved in developing both venues to meet MK Community Foundation s charitable objectives to provide services, resources and accommodation for the local voluntary and community sector, and wider community in Central Milton Keynes. You will have some evening and weekend work (with time off in lieu) so a flexible approach is essential. The ideal candidate will have exceptional administration, IT and database skills, and interpersonal skills, together with a supportive and professional attitude. They are passionate about our work; enjoy playing an active and supportive team role, with empathy towards community needs. We are looking for people who embrace and enjoy working in an interesting and fast paced environment, and respond enthusiastically to new opportunities. Candidates will ideally have excellent customer care skills, plus knowledge and understanding of the voluntary sector. Closing date  Thursday 28 February 2013 at **** noon Interviews Monday 18 March 2013 TO APPLY AND FOR FURTHER INFORMATION  Please click the apply button  You will then be taken directly to the Employer s website  Once you have visited the Employer s website, please follow their instructions on how to complete the application  Please note the job board may ask to upload your CV to register, but you will be required to complete an application form from the Employer s website. NOTE: Please do not include CVs as these will not be accepted. Member of the Community Foundation Network. No agencies please	Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire	Milton Keynes		permanent	MK Community Foundation	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	16800/annum	16800	cv-library.co.uk	0
47939	68589453	Airline Customer Service and Sales Agents	Airline Customer Service and Sales AgentsFluent Italian, French or German speakers****  Bonuses OTE ****Cheshire Based Discounted Worldwide FlightsMy client one of the world's most prestige airlines is recruiting Fluent German, Italian and French speaking Airline CustomerService and Sales Agents.The role involves working in the international contact center based in Wilmslow.It is a wonderful vibrant atmosphere and with all the different nationalities very cosmopolitanThe role involves sales and customer service to clients over the phone.You will work 37.5 hours per week throughout the opening of the contact centre, which are Monday to Sunday ****As an Airline Reservations Agent you will undertake an array of tasks responsibilities: Servicing corporate accounts and leisure customers in a busy and demanding environmentArranging all international business travel and leisure travel at times handling complex itineraries for business travel clients booking all flights,hotels, car hire and other ancillariesAirline Customer Service and Sales Agents remuneration package: Competitive salary of **** incorporating base salary, language allowance and shift payPerformace Related Bonuses Generous holiday entitlement PensionDiscounted holidays flights Free Parking Plus moreAirline Reservations Agents skill attributes:Previous Customer Services experience in any industry, travel experience notrequiredExceptional customer service communication skills along with excellent attention to detail Be able to work well under pressure handle demanding enquiries. To be a fluent French, Italian or German speakerAssessment days are taking place on Tuesday 8th January ****013 with second interviews taking place on Thursday 10thJanuary 2013, so please keep both days free should you be selected for an interview.Please note that applicants from candidates who reside in the UK and are in close proximity to the Cheshire area will onlybe considered.For a fully confidential discussion on this Airline Customer Services and Sales Agents job, please contact Tony on **** **** or email your CV to res2newfrontiers.co.uk	Cheshire	Cheshire		permanent		Travel Jobs	20k - 25k	22500	traveljobsearch.com	0
122645	69940301	Web Test Analyst  Selenium Webdriver / Agile / C  FTSE100  SUTTON	WEB TEST ANALYST/ AUTOMATION AND MANUAL – SELENIUM WEBDRIVER / C / SPECFLOW / GHERKIN / AGILE / SCRUM – RBI MEDIA (FTSE100)  Web Test Analyst – Automation and Manual / Selenium Webdriver / C / Specflow / Gherkin / Agile / Scrum / Global Online Product  Reed Business Information – FTSE100 Global Online Media  ********  29 days holiday  pension  life  share options/SAYE  more The Company Part of the $10bn FTSE100 Reed Elsevier Group and with c.**** staff Reed Business Information is a world renowned online media and information business. With leading brands such as New Scientist and FlightGlobal in our international portfolio we are Europe’s largest business media owner and are listed amongst the world’s top100 ‘internet superpowers’. The Role We are seeking a bright, dynamic, and proactive Web Test Analyst with proven large scale manual and automation testing experience, a background in C coding and a passion for technology. You will be joining one of our largest and most prestigious brands, a global online news and information service worth in excess of 50m per year. Working as part of an experienced and talented team you will be working on a combination of existing and Greenfield projects as our product continues to grow. We run a truly collaborative SCRUM based environment where communication and commercial awareness are key; as such this is a role for somebody seeking more than a typical testing job, and one that can offer a genuinely dynamic and varied career opportunity. Required Skills / Experience  Proven experience of large scale web testing using both manual and automation tools  Proven experience with Selenium Webdriver  Background in C development  Substantial experience in an Agile (esp SCRUM) environment  Excellent interpersonal and stakeholder skills  Proactive attitude with a passion for technology  Knowledge of SpecFlow, Gherkin and TFS would be advantageous This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/WebTestAnalystSeleniumWebdriverAgileC%****FTSE100SUTTON_job****	South West London London South East	East Sheen		permanent	Reed Business Information Ltd	IT Jobs	From 32,000 to 40,000 per annum + 29 days holiday + pension + share	36000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
179715	71565222	Software Developer / Technical Support	Software Developer / Technical Support  A growing software house is looking for a number of talented Software Developer / Technical Support people to join them as they undergo a period of expansion. The successful Software Developer / Technical Support candidates will be joining a small growing software house who provide complex solutions globally to support their commerce activities. The software is written in .NET  C, ASP.NET and SQL Server, so you should have skills in these technologies or be willing to learn  You could be in IT support with exposure to programming and wanting to move into the programming field or you could have just graduated. You will be using your own initiative to think of creative solutions to solve any issues and also contribute to the ongoing development of the software. You will be able to think of your own ideas and get the chance to develop your own projects The successful Software Developer / Technical Support must have the following skills:  Object orientated programming knowledge  This can be academic, commercial or even in you own time  .NET (C, VB.NET, ASP.NET) is preferred but you could come from a Java or C++ background, eager to learn new skills  SQL The successful Software Developer / Technical Support candidates can expect a salary of ****K  Benefits. They are looking for a number of developers so salary is depending on experience. Software Developer / Technical Support  Chichester. To apply for this position please email oliver.mulgrewmatchtech.com / click apply. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperTechnicalSupport_job****	Chichester, West Sussex West Sussex South East	Chichester		permanent	Matchtech	IT Jobs	15000 - 25000 per annum	20000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
62339	68700425	Chef de Partie  fresh food	Chef de Partie Join their team in this small, but reputable hotel, close to Gatwick. You will be expected to work closely with the brigade, in preparing and cooking breakfast (breakfast chef days off only), lunch, dinner and afternoon teas, for the guests and visitors. Chef de partie will be responsible for maintaining all temperature records, and stock rotation, as well as ensuring the head chef is aware of stock required for service. Chef de partie is an important role within any team, especially here. You will need to be able to follow instruction, even in the absence of the head chef, making sure that all mise en place is ready before service. Consistency is key, and being able to produce and replicate dishes from the fresh food menu is essential. As with all hotels, no two days are ever the same, the challenges faced differ each day, depending upon the guests requests, seasonal produce, and requirements of the management. You will have opportunity to produce small buffets, large banquets, intricate desserts and for the restaurant the guuests expect something a little more refined An ideal chef de partie will have experience of working within a similar role, preferrably within a hotel, though this is not essential. You must however have a strong understanding of the use of fresh food, basic ingredients and components of popular dishes, and have a passion for achieving the best results every time The Chef welcomes applications from experienced commis chefs, or demi chef de partie, who are looking for a new challenge and to learn new skillsA posititve and interested attitude is key to the success of any applicant in this role Applica can expect to receive the following: Salary in the region of **** Five days out of seven working (approx ****hrs) Meals and uniform provided while on duty Discounts throughout the company Company pension (after qualifying period) Quarterly structured reviews (opportunity for **** feedback) Targeted training and progression plan If you feel you have got what it takes, and would like to know more, then please contact Tim Major on **** **** or alternatively you may email a copy of your CV via this advert. Due to the location of this role, your own transport would be an advantage. All Applicants will be required to show proof of right to work in the UK, references will also be required. PRS Recruitment Solutions Ltd are acting as an employment business in respect of this permanent vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartiefreshfood_job****	Crawley, West Sussex West Sussex South East	Crawley		permanent	PRS Recruitment Solutions Ltd	Travel Jobs	From 16,500 to 17,500 per annum Salary negotiable dependant upon exp	17000	totaljobs.com	0
167641	71306683	Technical Author	Technical Author Our global technology client is looking for a technical author to write configuration, installation and deployment documentation to support their range of communications products. This is a three month rolling contract to start sometime in February 2013. Essential skills and experience: Solid technical writing experience, comfortable writing about technical software products. Highly proficient with online help systems, HTML, Acrobat and MS Office products. MadCap Flare or XMetaL experience is an advantage. Experience preferably in the communications industry (telecommunications, networking etc.). Experienced in writing for nonEnglish readers. The ability to deliver complex information in the appropriate formats for the target audience. Used to working to company guidelines. Proactive, wellmotivated and used to successfully working to tight deadlines. An understanding of the business processes, systems and philosophy associated with hightech, highperformance companies. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalAuthor_job****	Berkshire South East	Berkshire		contract	Edissero Ltd	IT Jobs	Up to 36 per hour (depending on experience)	69120	cwjobs.co.uk	1
78001	69013265	Graduate Trainee Sales Executives  West London	Graduate Trainee Sales Executives Technology Sector Salary: Basic ****  ****  Commission (1st Year OTE ****)  benefits West London During an exceptional period of growth this industry leading technology firm is looking to recruit an additional Graduate Trainee Sales Executive to its Business Development team based in West London. The company is the leading playing within voice recording systems, providing services to a broad range of leading companies including those in the financial sector. They also provide services to the main telecoms providers across the UK. As part of recent legislative changes they are now the number player in massive market meaning that any Graduate joining now will benefit from a booming market. Selling to many of the FTSE 250 companies you will be involved in all aspects of the sales cycle, from booking and attending initial meetings, through to proposal writing and closing deals. You will receive comprehensive training via their established Graduate scheme that has yielded great success over the last few years. As a potential Graduate Trainee you will need to demonstrate that:  Graduated from University with a ****  Selfstarters that have done interesting thing with their free time  Highly driven and motivated  Exceptionally confident with strong communication skills  Financially motivated. If you want to be in charge of one s own earnings and a desire for success, send your CV forward for consideration quoting reference ****PGRHB to set you on track to begin an exciting and rewarding career in Media Sales. Questions? Get in touch: follow our job feed 1PGRjobs, search Facebook for 1stPlaceGraduateRecruitment, find us on LinkedIn, call or email us	London	London		permanent	1st Place	Other/General Jobs	21000 - 24000/annum Commission (1st Year OTE 35k) + ben	22500	cv-library.co.uk	0
220549	72372914	C/Net (MVC/TDD) Developer	C/TDD/MVC/IOC/Unity/Castle Windsor. Opus Recruitment Solutions require an experienced .net developer for one of the most reputed clients in the Yorkshire region. Working alongside likeminded developers, you will be responsible for developing enterprise wide applications using MVC****/**** and C in a heavy agiledriven environment (TDD). Experience with the likes of Dependency Injection, IOC, Unity and Castle Windsor would also be deemed favourable. This is an immediate position so please apply now to avoid missing out.	Yorkshire	Yorkshire and Humberside		contract	Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd	IT Jobs	250.00 - 300.00 GBP Day	66000	jobserve.com	1
137672	70420099	Commercial Broker  Northamptonshire	Commercial Broker  Property Bias Northamptonshire Up to **** A specialist broker are recruiting for a Senior Commercial Broker to manage a portfolio of clients, providing technical support to the business and ensure that all areas are compliant. The Role You will be responsible for managing a portfolio of Commercial clients, mainly made up of Property / Property Owners risks from SME to Corporate levels. You will monitor and advise clients on risk issues within all areas of the business while also managing any amendments, renewals, claims and queries. A key aspect of the role will be to broke business to the open market, as well as utilising their delegated authority for other risks. You will review reports and conduct file audits to ensure that all work has been carried out in a compliant manner. The Package Basic salary of between ******** plus excellent company benefits. The Person For your application to be considered, you must have significant experience in a Senior Account Handler / Broker role. You should also have a thorough knowledge of Commercial Property / Property Owners business alongside a strong customer service ethic. You will have excellent knowledge of FSA rules and guidelines and have knowledge of a range of commercial insurance risks. Insurance qualification would be preferred. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.	Northamptonshire	Northamptonshire		permanent	Idex Consulting LLP	Accounting & Finance Jobs	40000 - 55000 per annum	47500	insurancejobs.co.uk	1
132345	70216903	Contracts Manager	Contract Manager required to manage a healthcare site based in Berkshire for a National Building Services Maintenance Provider. You will be experienced in management of Mechanical and Electrical Building Services Maintenance Contracts, and have experience within an NHS/Healthcare environment. Your main tasks will be to provide leadership, management, and development of a defined contract, ensuring financial, and operational commitments are met and exceeded. Key Responsibilities will include the following; Provide leadership, and that contractual commitments are met and exceeded. Ensure that opportunities for the strategic development of the contract are exploited, to deliver increased turnover and profitability, ensure additional services and projects are added, and contracts are rewon on retender. Ensuring business policies and processes are effectively communicated, and implemented within the contract. Ensure the provision of healthy and safe working conditions and that both clients and Company health and safety policy and process is effectively implemented across both services and subcontractors activities, and are regularly review. You will ensure optimum staffing structures operate across contracts, balancing cost reduction with the delivery of service excellence, ensure structures support peaks and troughs in workload, and disaster recovery. Your responsibilities will also be to ensure contracts are staffed by fully competent teams, ensuring post holders are fully competent, and that effective succession planning arrangements are in place. You will work with other Operational managers to ensure the collaborative development of the business, effective teamworking, and support to colleagues, and use your financial skills to development of contract financial plans for revenue and profit delivery, reduction of WIP, debt, cost reduction and contract growth, and ensure that these are met and exceeded. You will be responsible for control of the systems to ensure statutory, policy and contractual commitments are met, whilst maintaining a customer focus within all areas of operational activities, and that effective relationships are maintained with key client contacts. Reporting into a regional manager or director, you will be heavily involved with the client facing side of the job, building and maintaining relationships with the client, but also having the Financial responsibility for the delivery of Plan commitments for the contract. Your man management skills will be utilised to the full on this contract, developing the team on a new contract for this client This is an ideal opportunity for a hungry manager to display their abilities, and develop a career in this expanding Contractor	Berkshire	Berkshire		permanent	PRS	Engineering Jobs	0 - 45000/annum pension, bonus, healthcare	22500	cv-library.co.uk	0
141512	70590349	Expeditor/Administration	Candidate must have previous experience of performing general administrative duties. Must have experience with goods in and good out and problem solving in regards to despatch. Experience in this is essential. Must have good knowledge of Excel spreadsheets and be computer literate and have a good telephone manner with good customer service skills. Must also have knowledge of exports. Duties include answering telephone, filing, photocopying along with all other respective duties. 40 hours per week, MondayFriday, ****:30am  ****:00pm. Temporary unknown duration.	Manchester	Manchester	full_time		Labour 24/7	Admin Jobs	6.50 per hour	12480	Jobcentre Plus	0
110329	69670268	Senior Systems Administrator  UNIX / Linux  CentOS  cPanel	Senior Systems Administrator  UNIX / Linux  CentOS  cPanel / LAMP / Web Hosting Senior Systems Administrator  UNIX / Linux  CentOS  cPanel / LAMP / Web Hosting The Company Searchability are proud to be partnered with a dynamic and innovative Web Hosting agency based in St. Albans. Due to a recent restructure of the organisation there is the opportunity for a Senior Systems Administrator (with experience with Linux / UNIX, Shell, LAMP, cPanel hosting) to join the team as the top point of escalation. The Role This role will be the top point of escalation throughout the organisation, so having extensive experience in CentOS, cPanel, Shell LAMP is a necessity. Having experience in a hosting background is also essential to this role. Systems architecture experience and time in the role as the point of escalation will be required due to the importance of this role. This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate to cement themselves a senior position in an international organisation that turns over profit year on year. Salary: ****k  ****k The Essential Skills  CentOS  Senior Systems Administrator for atleast 5 years  Extensive experience as point of escalation with all Linux / LAMP queries  Web hosting experience  cPanel  LAMP  Shell  Perl/Bash Contact Please call Christian Gray on **** **** **** or **** **** **** for further information regarding the company, culture and role. Alternatively you can send me your CV at christian.graysearchability.co.uk Please apply now to register your interest in this vacancy. Also feel free to take a look at URL removed which is our new online candidate portal to help assist with your job search and online presence. Senior Systems Administrator  UNIX / Linux  CentOS  cPanel / LAMP / Web Hosting	St,Albans,Watford	UK		permanent	Searchability  Ltd	IT Jobs	40k - 50k pa	45000	jobsite.co.uk	1
229251	72448737	**** General Manager  Leisure	Over the past 25 years our client has grown into a national group of **** entertainment centres across the UK offering late night licensed bars, dance floors, American Pool and amusement games in addition to industryleading tenpin bowling. They have worked hard to push the boundaries of family entertainment throughout their history and have been the first to introduce many new concepts; examples include working with key manufacturers within the industry to develop an in–house guarding solution to ensure safe working practices. Being awarded the ROSPA prize for the last 4 years is testament to their commitment to high standards of Health and Safety in the workplace. Led by a dynamic team of Directors they were delighted to be placed within the top 100 fastest growing companies in the UK by the Deloitte Indy 100 Awards. This was achieved through wellplanned efficiency drives and a commitment to ensuring that all development within the business is financially sensible. Throughout their history they have stayed loyal to their core values – innovative, creative and adaptable. This has enabled them to evolve into a Company that turns over in excess of 27m per year whilst employing in excess of **** staff across the United Kingdom. Our client is still going strong and serving a purpose for just about anyone including families with young children, corporate entertainment and team building events, young adults enjoying the nightlife, and of course their golden bowlers They are perfectly positioned as the ideal day or night out, using The Great Indoors tag line to drive home and express their unique stamp within the leisure industry. Sounds Good? , well our client is seeking a General Manager for their ten pin bowling and leisure centre based in Dorset. The management in each of our clients outlets is undertaken by a General Manager, who has two Assistant Managers working for them. The day to day running is split between these three individuals utilising a range of shifts. A typical working week is **** hours with a rolling rota, including evenings and weekends. The Centre contains: Late licensed bar with dance floor, grill / food area, bowling lanes, pool tables, video machines and back office environment. Reporting into an Area Manager, the successful candidate will undertake a proactive customerfacing role focusing upon the effective management of the centre; providing team leadership and direction; developing strategies to enable the achievement of business objectives, maximising profits; ensuring sound financial control and project management of the centre and business initiatives. Knowledge and Skills: You will be an accomplished Centre / General Manager ideally with experience of managing a ten pin bowling centre, cinema or other similar type entertainment complexes. Our client will also consider ambitious Assistant Managers from such venues who are seeking their first GM role. Ideally you will have the Personal License Qualification for the sale of alcohol and ideally will have GCSE in Maths and / or English. You should be outgoing and a friendly approach is all important, not to mention the enthusiasm and commitment to make a positive impact on others’ lives. Salary is in a range of between **** **** possibly more for an outstanding candidate. In addition there is a pension, free bowling, AA Cover, uniforms, health care cover and death in service benefit. 4exMilitary Jobs Ltd is at the forefront of supplying exmilitary professionals working in logistics and supply chain, facilities management, catering and life support services, military and defence support services, aviation and aerospace, IT and telecoms, fuel supply, security, retail and PX, QA / QC and food safety,, health and safety, HR , training and instructors, engineering and construction, naval and marine Worldwide We frequently manage confidential appointments on behalf of our clients, many of which are not advertised. If you are an exmilitary professional seeking to develop your career please do not hesitate to contact us for a confidential discussion and access to our complete portfolio of current opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/****GeneralManagerLeisure_job****	Dorset South West	Dorset		permanent	Resource Planning Consultants	Travel Jobs	25.5k - 35.5k per year + benefits	30500	totaljobs.com	0
96042	69230207	Senior Commercial Finance Analyst	This is an exceptional opportunity for a driven, motivated and highly commercial finance professional, with the ability to influence Senior Management, to join a international business in an exciting period of change. Key responsibilities will include: Delivery of budgets, forecasts, performance reporting and strategic plans. Building strong and effective business relationships with JV partners to help drive performance. Provide insightful business performance analysis and challenge to commercial teams and JV partners to aid decision making across the international business. Due to the commercial nature of the role it is vital you are able to demonstrate business acumen, strong communication and influencing skills. The ideal candidate will have a first class academic background, previous experience within a high profile commercial role and will also be a qualified ACA / ACMA qualified. In return you will receive a highly competitive salary and benefits package, along with substantial progression opportunities. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website [contact details removed] We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.	UK	UK	full_time	permanent	CMC Consulting	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 50,000 to 60,000 per year	55000	fish4.co.uk	1
158988	71150986	Sous Chef	Sous Chef Start  ASAP Our client wants a confident Sous Chef to join an exciting team lead by a driven Head Chef. The hotel has a very busy restaurant and extensive conference and events facilities. For this position you must be a Sous Chef or a strong Junior Sous Chef with a strong hotel background, preferably with knowledge of fine dining as well as solid banqueting experience. Sous Chef Features The Sous Chef we are looking for must have:  Experience as a sous chef in a busy kitchen with extensive banqueting  Be organised and precise with a keen eye for detail  Ability to work under pressure and resolve issues as they arise  Good communication skills and a strong command of English Your Sous Chef duties will be:  Oversee the running of the main kitchen and banqueting kitchen  Assisting the Head Chef to acheive a monthly GP  Ensure your team is delivering consistant quality throughout service  Allocate duties to the team  Running the kitchen in the Head Chef s absence  Helping to train junior staff and oversee all food production Sous Chef benefits: Salary up to **** t keep a good thing to yourself We grow our business through referrals, so please don t keep us to yourself. If you think we re doing a good job and know of someone who would benefit from our services, please pass on their name and number to me and I promise we will follow it up. Many thanks. Evolve Hositality Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. We are committed to equality of opportunity for all candidates. For more opportunities, please visit www.evolvehospitality.co.uk	Birmingham, West Midlands (County), UK	UK			Evolve Hospitality	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	23000.00 - 25000.00 per annum + tips	24000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
169421	71340195	Field sales executive	JOB DESCRIPTION JOB TITLE: Sales Consultant (Design) NAME OF JOB HOLDER: TBC MAIN PURPOSE OF ROLE Sales Consultants are responsible for: Actively selling and promoting the full range of companies products and services to prospective clients in both established and new market sectors. Increasing the enterprise value of the existing client base through selling additional company services. Ensuring that monthly sales targets are achieved. Promoting and living the company brand. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES New account sales Active identification of potential customers through existing leads, cold calling, referrals and networking. Identification of key influencers and decision makers. Present products/services to ensure the needs of each customer are exceeded, resulting in sales success, maximum enterprise value and profitability. Expected to achieve high levels of activity on a daily basis forward appointments with decision makers to ensure a daily flow of sales and pipeline. Record daily activity and meeting outcomes into salesforce to ensure critical customer information and opportunities are captured, shared and acted on. Work with the Customer Liaison Managers and Technicans in your area to maximize sales opportunities in key segments and improve customer retention. Attend weekly review meetings with your line manager using salesforce to report on your sales progress and pipeline. Increase enterprise value of each account Develop indepth knowledge of the full range of products and services to demonstrate expertise and gain credibility in the minds of prospects/customers/segments key influencers and decision makers. Encourage customers to take on our full range of services through introduction, presentation, trial and commitment. . Other duties Any other tasks/duties as and when required by your line manager or the Company. Health and Safety Be aware of, and accept, the applicable health and safety responsibilities listed in the Health and Safety Management System. Environment Be aware of, and accept, the applicable responsibilities listed in the Environmental Management System. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE Essential Field/face to face sales experience within the B2B environment. Prior knowledge and established customer relationships within your assigned territory for this role. Experience within a sales role involving an element of creativity and design. Ability to demonstrate successful telesales/appointment making experience. Experience of cross selling to existing and new customers. Have used/familiar with CRM packages to record daily activity. Good level of education. Desirable Experience of computer aided design (CAD) such as Flash. Experience within a similar industry. Experience in networking with key industry groups/market segments and relevant business associations  FMA/ BOMA etc. Person Specification Presentable with strong communication, interpersonal and listening skills. Strong commercial acumen with a professional approach. Excellent presentation skills both written and oral with strong influencing skills. Confident, self motivated and enthusiastic with a passion for sales. Creative and inspiring with an eye for design. Excellent networking skills with the ability to seek out new business opportunities. Comfortable negotiating at all levels coupled with excellent closing skills. A high level of organizational skills with the ability to work autonomously and as part of a team. The ability to assimilate and maintain a high level of product information. Results and targets driven and motivated by closing sales. Good PC skills. NB: The purpose of this Job Description is to identify the key elements and responsibilities of the role. It cannot be a definitive description of all tasks, which you may be required to complete.	London	London		permanent		Sales Jobs	20k - 25k	22500	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
162822	71205650	Head of Ecommerce	Job Description We are looking for a ecommerce manager for a growing retail group to head up the ecommerce function In this role you will take wide responsibility for Online sales performance for a niche fashion site. You will be responsible for pushing the Online site forward in terms of revenue and design. You will be responsible for the ecommerce/website management with added responsibility for acquisition/marketing and email. This role will enable you to truly spread your wings and develop best practice ecommerce strategy and develop your skills across the whole Online marketing mix. Candidate Requirements We are looking for an experienced ecommerce/Online marketer with basic technical experience using CMS or basic HTML. Whilst this is not a technical role, we are looking for someone with the ability to manage development and design people. Experience optimising user experience or merchandising a website is desirable, acquisition marketing and email experience is also desirable. Fashion experience is a must You need to be a 'can do' individual that can work and plan without needing lots of support and training. In return we can offer the chance to work with a stunning fashion brand and a good salary and benefits. This job was originally posted as www.retailchoice.com/JobSeeking/HeadofEcommerce_job****	Cardiff South Glamorgan Wales	UK		permanent	ROC Retail	Retail Jobs	80000 - 90000 per annum	85000	retailchoice.com	1
168988	71336133	C NET Developer Cambridge DOE	C developer Cambridge, Software engineering, development, ASP.NET, maths. Rapidly expanding specialist software house based in Cambridge is looking for a C developer with circa 2 years development experience to join their team. My client has won several awards for their work and they are now in a position to expand yet again This role will primarily involved software development using C.Net Winforms, however there will also be ASP.NET web forms development as well. Previous experience in C is preferred however strong developers with a background in Java or C++ who are passionate about development and want to cross train will also be considered. To be successful for this role you should have circa **** 2 years commercial experience in software development and have a degree (or equivalent) from a recognised university with a minimum of a **** You will have studies software development, engineering or a similar subject and you should be able to pick up new skills quickly. Any Mathematical experience and strong communication skills is also a must. Based in Cambridge this role is easily commutable from the surrounding area including Cambridge, St Neots, Peterborough, Bury St Edmunds and most of East Anglia. In return for your skills my client is looking to pay a salary of ****  **** If you are interested in this newly created role and you would like to apply, click the button now Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.	Cambridgeshire Cambridge CB1 0	Little Chesterford		permanent	Spring Technology	IT Jobs	27000.00 - 35000.00 GBP Annual	31000	jobserve.com	0
74114	68998059	Panel Beater	My client, a professional Motor Trade bodyshop require an experienced Panel Beater to join their highly successful team of staff based in the Hampshire area. You must have detailed experience within a bodyshop in a panel repair / fitting environment, have good interpersonal skills, and be well motivated and able to meet guidelines/deadlines. You must also hold a City & Guilds qualification. Experience with LCV/HGV would be an advantage but not essential as training can be provided for an individual with the right panel beating skills. Duties will include: To remove and /or repair damaged panels, filler work, rubbing down, prepping and panel beating on a range of vehicles from a Fiesta van to a ****ft trailer. To check new panels for damage, repair chassis on the alignment jig, where necessary. To use appropriate equipment to pull and measure vehicle chassis. To keep working area in a clean and safe condition, dispose of displaced materials, fluids, packaging etc into receptacles provided. To ensure the correct completion of all job related documentation (job cards, orders, log books etc.) including job write ups. Hours will be ****:00  ****:00 Monday  Friday	Hampshire	Hampshire		permanent	Kemp Recruitment Ltd	Other/General Jobs	11.80 - 12.00/hour	22848	cv-library.co.uk	0
171336	71372645	GERMAN Technical Support Northern Ireland	Responsibilities • Handle inbound and outbound calls . • Identify, diagnose, and resolve customer issues related to the configuration and/or use of Products. • product families, including, but not limited to, software application packages, operating system levels, hardware and supported equipment. • Provide support during both normal business hours and outside normal business • Suggest improvements to or creation of new knowledgebase articles based on developing trends and resolved customer issues. • Strive to successfully make every customer an NPS Promoter by delighting customers, above and beyond the call of duty Skills/Knowledge • Passion for & commitment to delivering the best support experience. • Capable of handling & communicating effectively with all customer types. • Excellent soft and interpersonal skills. • Fluent verbal and written communication skills in GERMAN language. • Above average ability to read, write and speak English. • Strong problem solving skills to diagnose and logically resolve customer problems • Strong understanding of computers using Windows based operating • basic troubleshooting of multiple computer operating systems (ie: Windows, Macintosh, Linux) • Proven capability in supporting various hardware environments, standard applications (Microsoft Office), and internet navigation (including download capabilities). • Capable of supporting networking and connectivity issues. • Familiarity with software security programs (ex: Norton, McAfee). . • Strong email, word processing, and web usage skills. Benefits: • Consumer electronics or IT sector is a benefit • Relocation assistance: 7 nights in a B&B and reimbursement of travelling costs of up to **** euro • Continuous paid training on the latest technology • Private Health/Medical Insurance (after 12 weeks probation) • Private Pension (after 12 weeks probation) • On site canteen • Fair care scheme (after 12 weeks probation) • Life assurance • Discounted SKY TV • Eye Care Reimbursements • Dental Plan (after 12 weeks probation) • 25 days holiday entitlement  extra entitlements • Discounted local gym membership • Performance bonuses • Potential for rapid advancement in many fields, and throughout 17 countries • Free Parking, close proximity to city centre by bus or train If you're interested, apply to: Dagmaracmgirecruitment.com or call Dagmara at **** ****	Belfast	Belfast		permanent	mgi recruitment	Customer Services Jobs	15000 - 17500	16250	Multilingualvacancies	0
130298	70165736	Category Manager	Category Manager / Competitive package including fully expensed car / Cambridge / TL**** This leading food manufacturer seeks an experienced Category Manager to join a newly created team as a result of a recent acquisition. Our client is a brand led business with a turnover of $**** billion globally that has successfully doubled the size of its business in the last 5 years through strong consumer understanding, innovation and category knowledge. Your role as Category Manager is to champion the shopper from a specific customer perspective, ensuring external alignment of customer range and category reviews with the plans of the business. Working in partnership with internal innovation and marketing teams, you will make recommendations to the business that will drive category growth via brand development. It will be your responsibility to develop the category relationship with retailer buyers and position your business as the expert in key categories. Responsible for range and category reviews, and tailoring customer plans, (NPD selling stories, fixture visions, brand plans etc); NPD and distribution target setting/tracking will also be your responsibility. This is a full on, challenging and highly rewarding position where your category skills will be finely tuned. The office location is just off the M11 and A****; within a comfortable commute from Stevenage, Bishop s Stortford, Bury St Edmunds, Biggleswade, Peterborough etc. Our Ideal Candidate It is likely you will join with previous FMCG manufacturing or retail experience within category management. You will be highly focussed on commercial success factors and be very driven by the achievement of sales and shares targets. You will understand the shopper and how to drive sales at the point of purchase through understanding the mindset of the consumer. In addition, you will have strong skills in data manipulation, specifically retailer data such as Dunnhumby, Amia and Retail Link, as well as Nielsen, IRI, Kantar and you will be able to provide evidence of using data to create relevant insights. Relationship building is an absolute must given you will be the first point of contact for the customer as the category expert. Clear, concise communication is key as is an open, collaborative, yet focussed working style. Client Profile Our client has recently merged and acquired new brands. As a consequence, it has increased its portfolio and manufacturing capabilities. The business now owns a number of food and drink brands sold within the grocery and foodservice channels, and our client is also a leading manufacturer of own label products for major multiples. If you are interested in applying for this position, please send your CV to Janine Darley, Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment. Tarsh Lazare is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment and have significant marketing recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight/research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now.	Cambridge	Cambridge		permanent		PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	50k - 60k	55000	simplymarketingjobs.co.uk	1
169994	71352558	Sales Manager  UK	A Sales Manager  UK for a successful European Business launching in the UK. Are you a high calibre, resultsdriven sales professional with experience of selling into the energy and Clean Tech sector? Looking to develop your earning potential with a dynamic company offering excellent energy efficient services and growth possibilities for successful candidates? If so, read on. As a Sales Manager, you'll be responsible for selling our client's services to the industrial power consumers throughout the Midlands, whilst capturing their power curtailment potential. Your duties will include: Identifying sales opportunities and generating leads Developing a portfolio of diverse industrial loads Meeting sales targets To be considered, you must have: Extensive sales and business development experience gained within a B2B industry Sales experience in the energy and Clean Tech sector Experience of growing sales and business development portfolios A degree As a Sales Manager, you will demonstrate the determination to succeed in a very competitive market place. Commercial acumen and entrepreneurial skills is also key. Whilst not essential, experience in B2B sales in energy and Clean Tech sector would be beneficial to your application. Using a consultative selling approach, you will need to be very proactive to execute the business plan for the UK. Networking with and influencing Clevel customers to trade with you, will be critical in the maximising the uptake across the Country. Ideal candidates will have a very specific skill set and an outstanding performance record in the following areas: Extensive experience in consultative/solution selling Proven track record in new business development and account management Using innovative techniques to take new ideas to market Have an entrepreneurial spirit and hands on attitude Adept at managing complex negotiations Adept at influencing internal and external decision makers at all levels, including Board Experience in energy Excellent commercial acumen Strong ethics: work honestly and with integrity All of this must be underpinned by a clear passion to want to build a truly successful business from the beginning. Our client is a rapidly growing technology startup, developing and operating cutting edge autodemand response technology to bring balancing services to energy market players throughout Europe. They are now on the lookout for a tenacious and driven Sales Manager to join them. Created in 2010, this business has seen phenomenal success from their European base. They benefit from a unique technology which means they surpass their competitors capability with ease. They can offer reduced carbon footprint to their customer base and also make them more cost effective. As such, this rapidly expanding company are now looking to set up in the UK and continue on their wave of success. With innovation and entrepreneurialism like this, the optimum candidate to lead the UK sales will be of a similar ilk. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPJT****Z	Warwickshire, West Midlands	Warwickshire		permanent		Engineering Jobs	c.60k	60000	jobs.telegraph.co.uk	1
11835	66541069	****T Driver	Experienced ****T Driver required Do you hold a digi tacho? Do you have previous ****T Driving experience Happy to do ****  **** drops? Then read on My client who is going form strength to strength require a ****T on a 13 week temp to perm basis You will be required to work form ****  17.30 Monday  Friday In return you will be rewarded with a salary of ****k You will be required to delivery boxes of paper and stationary throughout the midlands The role is physically demanding, so you must be physically fit It can involve carrying **** boxes of paper up a flight of stairs You must have no more than **** points and hold a digi tachograph You must also have a minimum 2 years experience in driving ****T Email you CV to today	Loughborough	Loughborough	full_time		JT Recruit LTD	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	19,000.00 - 19,000.00 per year	19000	Jobcentre Plus	0
43366	68496450	Core Video Architect	Job Description Senior Video Architect to join the Unified Communications architecture team that is responsible for developing the Voice, Video and Media products. The role will involve the development of video conferencing products with the aim to develop Europe's biggest Video as a Service core architecture, with a complementary vendor agnostic end points strategy, all leveraging ****km fibre network to offer quality and feature rich services at a competitive price. Job Responsibilties  Ultimate responsibility for the design, development, release, training and adoption of products and platforms  Vendor evaluation and design and architecture of multi tenanted core and edge elements  Development (80%) and testing (20%) of products involving one or more vendors  Technical documentation of products  Process documentation and improvement relating to products  Handover of developed products to Interoute's operational and business groups  Guidance of and discussions with product management regarding the future requirements of the product What we offer  Base salary package  Private health insurance  Contributory pension  Life assurance  Income protection  Season ticket loan  Child Care Vouchers  Business travel expenses and potential for European travel  A long term career with one of Europe's fastest growing cloud service providers Desired Skills Experience  Ideally have worked in a product development or service provider environment in a technical role relating to video conferencing/telepresence/communications infrastructure for at least 2 years  Excellent written English skills  Demonstratable experience of writing technical documents that are well structured, clear and concise.  Maths/Physics/Engineering graduate  Familiarity with SIP and H.**** protocols, specifically relating to video conferencing  Knowledge of ISDN protocols  Session border controller (SBC) experience preferable, Acme Packet or Genband ideally  Microsoft Lync and VoIP infrastructure design experience preferable  Video conferencing infrastructure solution design and testing  Experience of IP unicast delivery for audio and video, knowledge and ideally experience of multicast  Windows and Linux/UNIX server technologies exposure  IP Networking and load balancing knowledge Person Specification  Knowledgeable about current market offerings from vendors and competitors  Confident interacting with many multinational and multicultural teams  Relishes working in a small, dynamic team in which a level of independence and responsibility is required and flexibility is critical  Able to balance time and prioritise short term development and operational requirements vs strategic roadmap deliverables  Able to communicate clearly and concisely in both written technical documentation and present product development concepts to senior management, sales and operations	London	London		permanent	Henderson Scott	IT Jobs	70000.00 - 80000.00 GBP Annual	75000	jobserve.com	1
17936	66951825	TSSU Technician (Theatre Sterile Services Unit)	TSSU Technician (Theatre Sterile Services Unit) Surrey Full Time ****k  ****k  depending on experience Shifts: rostered to include evenings & weekends We are currently looking for an experienced Sterile Services Technician to support an established theatre team in the Surrey area. The Hospitals theatre department is extremely busy, so the ability to work under pressure is essential. You will be working with Consultants from a wide range of clinical disciplines, including orthopaedics and cosmetics. It is essential that you have current experience as a TSST and have your NMC (UK) registered. For more information or to apply please call Lydia Robinson on **** **** and or email Lydia.robinsonappointgroup.co.uk	Surrey, Surrey	Surrey				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	19000 to 21000 per year	20000	careworx.co.uk	0
117465	69801399	Finance Business Partner	A national management and supply company based in South Manchester who have recently received considerable investment are currently looking to enhance their finance department. As a result they are looking for a Management Accountant with a strong commercial slant. The key function of the role is to provide analytical support to management focusing on actual performance against targets and profitability. Key duties include:  Provide KPI's and productivity analysis allowing profitability to be improved  Review of results and identification of corrective action  Monitoring profitability of key contracts  Creation of weekly Management Information reports  Working closely with budget holders to get their involvement in the setting of budgets  Drive continuous improvements in the finance function Suitable applicants must be a qualified accountant and must be a driven and dynamic individual. Excellent communication skills are essential to allow you to liaise with senior management and influence decisions where necessary. This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing business who will support your career development. Please apply now for immediate consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceBusinessPartner_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		permanent	Four Financial Recruitment Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	35000 - 40000 per annum	37500	totaljobs.com	0
58539	68688400	Cisco Network Engineer	My client a marketing leader in their field is seeking a Network Services Analyst to provide technical support for incident and problem management across all area of Data networks. In addition you will be working with 3rd party service provides and make use of internal network management and services availability tools to ensure network stability and high availability to agreed SLA's across the estate. The successful Network Services Analyst will possess the following experience and skills:  Cisco Data Infrastructures  Cisco Switches and Routers  Service management of several tier **** 3rd party supplier, ensuring services meet agreed service level targets. Network support of multi site network infrastructure: o Multisite services. o Hardware (numerous platforms  e.g Wide Area Network, Local Area Network,  Cisco, o Network management Software.  Apply best Practices, ideally ITIL To be considered for this position, please forward your updated CV and salary expectations to Neil_Alexanderspring.com Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CiscoNetworkEngineer_job****	Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Leeds		permanent	Spring Technology	Accounting & Finance Jobs	35000.00 - 45000.00 per annum + Benefits	40000	totaljobs.com	0
218751	72338309	Multi Media Designer	Creative full service agency is looking for talented Multi Media Designer to join their team. Theyare a well established agency with a wide range of interesting clients. You will have the opportunity to showcase your creative ability, producing interesting and innovative solutions to their multimediarequirements. With a least a couple of years experience you will be confident in taking websites and other online media from design concept to completion. It is essential that you have a solid knowledge of web based design and production. Experience with mobile based optimisation would be a definite benefit. You shouldhave a good working knowledge of InDesign, CS6 suite, plus HTML, CSS, Wordpress or similar.	Lincolnshire	Lincolnshire		permanent		PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	20k - 25k	22500	simplymarketingjobs.co.uk	0
52872	68671731	Global Corporate Coordinator	About Our Client Our client is a market leader in their field and are seeking a Global Corporate Coordinator to join their existing team. They offer a varied and exciting career to the successful candidate and can offer opportunities for progression and career development. This company is a truly global business and candidates with experience in dealing with an international client base will be preferred. Job Responsibilities: Establishing and maintaining relationships with multinational clients Advising clients on compliance and governance matters on a global scale Working closely with the global office network to provide clients with subsidiary services Maintaining databases and other tracking tools, as required Supporting management with initiatives to improve internal systems and process efficiencies Sharing knowledge and contributing to internal discussion forums Attending client meetings, as required Supporting clients with special projects Preferred Skills: Strong IT and organisational skills Ability to prioritise time critical and conflicting tasks Ability to communicate confidently with colleagues and clients at all levels and build relationships Commercial awareness with the ability to solve problems and develop solutions creatively and pragmatically GEMS software experience would be desirable Personal Attributes: Able to adapt quickly and efficiently to the needs of the business Confident when working without detailed supervision A team focussed attitude and willingness to help colleagues Associated Benefits: 25 days holiday  bank holidays Contributory pension scheme Free parking on site Excellent staff facilities This is a fantastic opportunity for someone to build a stable career with a successful and rewarding company. To be considered for this role please click one of the apply buttons. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GlobalCorporateCoordinator_job****	Luton, Bedfordshire Bedfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Randstad	Admin Jobs	20000 - 22000 per annum	21000	totaljobs.com	0
226682	72442426	M&E Contract Supervisor	M E Contract Supervisor **** basic plus vehicle, phone, laptop, managers overtime (OTE ****K) West Midlands One of the industries fastest growing facilities services providers have an opportunity for an opportunity for an M E Maintenance Supervisor to join their management team in Birmingham to supervise a team of multiskilled engineers carrying out ppm and reactive maintenance on corporate offices for blue chip clients across the Midlands. The supervisor will occasionally be required to be hands on, so must have up to date qualifications in either electrical or mechanical services. You will provide technical support to your team, either over the phone or in person where possible. Other duties will include: Production of quotes for extra works as required Tool box talks Management of subcontractors Working to stringent KPI's and SLA's Supervise the team in the region to ensure compliance with HSEQ and contractual obligations Negotiate on quotations issues for maintenance contracts In return our client is offering a competitive salary and package, and the chance to boost your earnings with overtime and call out. Training is provided, and our client believes in promoting from within to encourage loyalty from employees. To apply for this position please send your CV or call **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MEContractSupervisor_job****	West Midlands	West Midlands		permanent	Phoenix Resourcing Services   PRS	Engineering Jobs	30000 - 31000 per annum + plus company vehicle, call out & Overtime	30500	totaljobs.com	0
211293	72200870	Senior Software Engineer  Graphics Expert	Working as a Senior Software Engineer, the job's main purpose is to contribute to the design and development components used in next generation mobile and media devices. Main Purpose of Job The role of Senior Software Engineer within the Platform group includes taking senior technical responsibility for the tasks allocated and providing a competent level of technical authority in one or more technical skill areas within the Platform group. You will be responsible for performing all, or part, of the software development life cycle (from Analysis, Specification, Designing, Documentation, Implementation, Verification and Commercialisation Support) for an area of software development. An important part of the job will be offering advice on and helping to incubate new projects, which may involve feasibility, design and prototyping work across the complete range of software platforms and applications. As a Senior Software Engineer you will be expected to develop and maintain a wide understanding of all Linux based platforms that can be used in Mobile devices and to provide high level technical input to architectural designs within the Platform group. Skills and experience ****A degree in Computer Science, Electronics, Natural Science, Mathematics, Engineering or any related discipline (an equivalent period of industrial experience may be substituted). ****A proven track record in real time embedded software development preferably for mobile devices with an understanding of the embedded development environments and associated development restrictions. ****Experience in ****D Graphics technologies (e.g. Open GL) ****Experience developing platforms for mobile device, with Linux OS and Android Platform experience preferred. ****Proficiency in C and an understanding of C++ or Java programming languages. ****Experience in software testing and debugging techniques on embedded targets and in the use software debugging tools and techniques. ****In addition to technical domain expertise a broad level of experience with the ability to adapt to new areas of work as demands and projects change. ****A good understanding of documentation requirements and able to able to clearly present complex ideas and technical designs. 9.The desire and ability to work within a team structure and to be able to mentor junior engineers. Additional Skills and Experience In addition to the core skills candidates should proven record for one of the roles with experience in the following areas being highly desirable. Graphics Experience a.Expertise in Graphics. b.Experience in design and development of Graphic stacks for embedded systems. c.Low Level graphics device drivers d.Performance Analysis, inc Tracing, Optimisations e.Familiar with UI and graphics middleware used in Mobile devices preferably To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.	City of London - London	The City	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Engineering Jobs	40000 - 49999	44999	ukstaffsearch.com	1
56185	68681831	Polish Speaking Administrator	RESOURCER Halifax Industrial Sector ****k  Monthly bonus We are looking for a Resourcer to join our Halifax Operation. This is an Ideal role for someone who would like to pursue a career within recruitment. As a Resourcer you will be assisting Recruitment Consultants in their daily duties which will include: Supporting existing sales team with industrial vacancies. Searching through the company's recruitment database Searching online recruitment databases/job boards Putting together online advertisements to attract candidates Name gathering candidates Interviewing candidates via telephone Organising interviews and briefing/debriefing candidates Taking candidate feedback Do you have Strong understanding of MS Word, Outlook, Internet Explorer Good researching skills and a professional telephone manner The ability to build rapport with candidates, clients and colleagues Perseverance, resilience and determination and a strong confident personality and speak fluent polish ? Apply today this will be an immediate start for the right person. Due to the high volume of CV's I receive if you have not heard from us within **** working days then unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PolishSpeakingAdministrator_job****	Halifax, West Yorkshire West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Halifax		permanent	Three Way Solutions	Admin Jobs	From 14,000 to 16,000 per annum	15000	totaljobs.com	0
137349	70408292	Project Secretary (maternity cover)	Required to support a busy team for around 69 months. Duties will include diary management, organising travel, dealing with enquiries, booking appointments, typing reports and formatting documents. Strong MS Excel skills are essential. Up to **** per annum plus benefits	Cambridge	Cambridge			Capella Recruitment	Admin Jobs	Up to 22,000 per annum	22000	MyUkJobs	0
76217	69006391	Primary Teacher	NEW OPPORTUNITY has arisen for a Key Stage **** Primary Teacher to work with a small group of children, all of whom are statemented for Emothional and Behavioural Difficulties. Key role and responsibilities;  Engage and manage the behaviour of a small class of pupils, all of whom have Emotional and Behavioural Difficulties  Teach a group of up to ****ey Stage **** pupils  Cover a sickness absence The requirements of this post are that you:  Have a calm and nonconfrontational manner  Ably and competently manage challenging behaviour and  Are Team Teach trained To apply and be given immediate consideration, please email your CV . PK Education are committed to safeguarding and all candidates must hold a current and up to date DBS check (formerly CRB). References will be taken prior to interview	Tyne and Wear	Newcastle Upon Tyne		contract	PK Education	Teaching Jobs	111 - 162/day the ability to offset expenses against tax	32760	cv-library.co.uk	0
212238	72229641	Senior Reporting Manager  European Retail Risk	Job Title: Senior Reporting Manager  European Risk Location: London Salary: ****  London allowance (****k), car (****k), bonus benefits Accountabilities  Analysis and report writing support for: o Monthly business review decks o Monthly and quarterly analytic reviews o Adhoc findings and recommendations o Various reports supporting operating rhythm  Consolidation and distribution of agreed upon outcomes and actions from management team meetings  Influence change: Working with crossfunctional stakeholders, driving value by developing innovative modelling and analytical solutions which improve the credit risk management / mitigation process.  Effective engagement and participation in governance committees (Model Review Committee, Group Material Models Technical Committee, and others as appropriate) to demonstrate the outcomes and benefits of modelling and analytical solutions using presentation skills, technical acumen, and knowledge of the wider business environment. Seek approval for new models, enhancements to existing models, and ongoing use of previously approved models.  Awareness of the wider environment; be proactive in identifying upstream trends, in order to enable Decision Management to efficiently react to remodelling requirements. Further, identify future modelling needs through review of internal model performance reporting.  Establish a strong reputation and manage working relationship with key stakeholders.  Represent Managing Director at key stakeholder meeting when required Candidate Profile  Extensive experience in all aspects of retail banking management focusing on risk models, policy and tool development  Strong track record in developing bestinclass modelling and analytical solutions for large financial institutions  Strong analytical background, data driven, resilient, results orientated  Excellent understanding of lending products from marketing and policy perspective  Great leader in talent management, communication and influencing  Experienced and skilled in stakeholder management  Experience of working with regulators, auditors and compliance  Strong ability to train and execute  Inspire and drive high performance in individuals and team, enabling each member to understand his/her role in team success  Extensive report writing experience and skills Please send your CV to infoaspiredata.co.uk or call Phillip Hartley on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorReportingManagerEuropeanRetailRisk_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Aspire Data Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	0 to 75000 per annum - London Allowance, Car, Bonus & Benefits	37500	totaljobs.com	0
141546	70590589	Press Tool Designer	Must have experience in tooling prefaberably automotive pressed tools and stampings. Must have knowledge of all types of tooling including transfer and tandem and progression tooling. Must be exprience in using autocad software and the ability to use 3D packages such as Verovisi is an advantage but not essential. 8.30am4.30pm Days Monday  Friday. Overtime available.	Coventry	Coventry	full_time		Quest Employment	Engineering Jobs	36,000.00 per year	36000	Jobcentre Plus	0
187973	71685407	Joint Venture Accountant	Our client, an international enegry company, requires a joint venture accountant to join their team that is responsible for the accounting, cost control, budgeting, forecasting and partner and management reporting for the client s Exploration and Production UK based portfolio of exploration and development assets. The successful candidate will be responsible for but not limited to: day to day reporting and reviews; preparation of periodic accounts, reconciliations and statutory returns; liaison with other departments and stakeholders. Candidates should be recently qualified (ICAEW, CIMA, ACCA or equivalent) knowledge of upstream exploration and development will be a distinct advantage as would working knowledge of SAP or SUN applications.	London, The City	The City		permanent	Jobsite Jobs	Accounting & Finance Jobs	50000.00 GBP Annual	50000	jobsite.co.uk	1
23731	67447092	Telesales Advisor	As a telesales advisor you will have experience in telesales and have worked in a similar environment in the past. All successful candidates for this role must be familiar in working in a phone based sales role and be keen to earn excellent commision as well as enjoy a good basic salary. This is an exciting opportunity for anyone seeking to continue a sales career. Our company will offer you a secure and expanding rewarding environment with unlimited career development.	Oldham	Oldham	full_time		Isis Byte	Sales Jobs	12,000-14,000 plus commision	13000	Jobcentre Plus	0
75727	69004226	Branch Manager / Supervisor	Experienced and enthusiastic sales person required to lead a team in a thriving lighting and electrical wholesale business. Role: Branch Manager / Supervisor Location: Cambridge Industry: Electrical Wholesale, Lighting and Distribution Salary: Negotiable depending on skills and experience Bonus: Monthly bonuses Benefits: 23 days holiday  bank holidays rising to 25 days with length of service Lighting and Electrical wholesaler in Cambridge is looking for a manager / team supervisor to oversee the branch, motivate staff and drive sales forward whilst ensuring an excellent service is provided to all its customers. To be successful in this role you must demonstrate the ability to build strong relationships with customers and staff to ensure sales and productivity targets are met and the highest standards of service are upheld. A leader and motivator, you will be able to point to achievements in setting the highest standards in branch selling and developing those relationships between the customer and the business. Most of all, you will share their 100% dedication to delivering excellence in service. JOB PURPOSE The overall responsibility for the day to day operations of the Branch in accordance with business procedures Promote the business, meet set targets and maximise sales with existing and new customers. Plan, organise and coordinate sales and stock within the branch  serving customers on the trade counter Motivate and develop staff in their day to day work Develop a highly customer service focused environment within the branch Maintain branch standards to promote the image of the Company to customers and the public in general. Utilise all resources both physical and human to maximise productivity KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Experience of leading by example whilst holding a role with some responsibility Electrical wholesale sales experience Good product knowledge Understanding of the Market Excellent Communications Skills Computer Literate Sound Numeracy and Literacy skills Commercially minded Customer Focused Stock Management skills People Management skills Good Leadership Skills Team Building skills You will be leading and managing a small team of staff. Working hours will be Monday to Friday with the possibility further down the line of **** hours at the weekend perhaps once a month. If you are an experienced Trade Counter Supervisor, Assistant Manager, Manager or internal sales person with the enthusiasm and drive to take the branch forward, we look forward to receiving your application. This is a full time permanent position and a great opportunity to join a growing company and further establish your supervisory / management career within an electrical wholesale environment. Electrical wholesale experience is essential	Cambridge, Cambridgeshire	Cambridge		permanent	Rhodium Consulting	Sales Jobs	24000 - 32000/annum Negotiable + bonuses	28000	cv-library.co.uk	0
98681	69476502	Interim Head of Financial Services	The main focuses of this role include the following: To manage the annual statutory accounts process including planning, management and liaison with the external auditors the continuous development of finance systems To develop, implement and manage a treasury management system in line with Trust policy To manage the reporting of Payroll information including Inland Revenue returns To work with internal auditors to ensure best accounting practices are adopted within the department and across the Trust To take charge of the Trust ledger and Payroll systems including the management, monitoring and development thereof. To be considered for this senior position you must be a qualified accounting professional who has recently worked at a similar level within an NHS Trust, Foundation Trust or PCT. It is essential that you have successfully led the entire yearend process and have demonstrable experience of leading and developing a team. The ability to draft complex reports used at a variety of levels is desirable, as is having expert knowledge of IFRS Accounting principles. If you are interested in this opportunity then please send your CV illustrating the desired skill set to registrationsmorganlaw.com	Central London	Central London	full_time	contract	MORGAN LAW	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	Up to 450 per day	108000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	1
216110	72244277	Care Assistant (Dementia care)	Care Assistant (Dementia care) Weybridge, Surrey Salary: **** per hour  benefits Hours: Full Time days Working as part of the staff team at a prestigious care home in Weybridge, Surrey, the Care Assistant is responsible for providing the highest standards of care to our residents while complying with all company policies and regulations. Key duties and responsibilities of this role include;  Review the Individualised Service Plan in the Resident Services Book  Assist residents with daily activities as indicated on the Individualised Service Plan  Provide/assist with personal care  Ensure a pleasant dining experience for the residents  Tidy residents' rooms daily  Do resident's personal laundry  Complete any specially assigned housekeeping tasks (primarily night Care Managers)  Provide residents with both physical and emotional support  Integrate the residents' individual life skills into the daily routine  Assist with transporting residents to appointments and other activities as requested  Effectively communicate and/or document any information regarding the residents, according to the procedure explained by your supervisor  Inform the appropriate staff member of any resident changes of condition and resident family concerns  Speak with family members in a positive and polite manner: encourage family members to join in with daily activities  Ensure infection control procedures are followed  If required, Complete all medication administration training within the required timeframe  Check with your supervisor and team for medication updates  Prepare medication for each resident's medication administration  Administer medications to residents  Document legibly all resident concerns made while administering the medication  Maintain and record stock levels and charges by appropriate products Candidates requirements for this vacancy:  Must be able to handle multiple priorities  Possesses effective written and verbal communication skills  Able to make responsible choices and decisions and act in a resident's best interest  Ability to react calmly in emergency situations and be considerate  Calm and comfortable with the Alzheimer's population  Ability to follow through on assigned tasks, demonstrate good judgment, common sense and initiative  Exhibits a caring and compassionate attitude while articulating true concern for people  NVQ ****/**** in Health and Social Care desirable or a willingness to undertake the qualification  Medication administration training and/or a willingness to undertake training if required  Must be able to work flexible hours  Must be at least 18 years of age This position offers an hourly rate of **** per hour along with additional benefits including pension plan and life assurance. To be considered for this vacancy click 'Apply Now' and forward a copy of your CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CareAssistantDementiacare_job****	Weybridge Surrey South East	Weybridge		permanent	2M Employment Solutions Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	14742 - 16848 per annum + + benefits	15795	totaljobs.com	0
8443	65196359	Management Accountant  Dorset	Job Title: Management Accountant Location: Dorset Salary:&nbsp&pound****  &pound**** per annum Competitive Company: Albior Financial Recruitment Job Description: Albior is working with a well know organisation that has a vacancy for an Assistant Management Accountant to provide a key link between the processing of transactions and the production of management information within a busy and fast evolving finance function. The Assistant Management Accountant will report directly to the Group Management Accountant and will need to comply with strict monthly processing and reporting requirements. The successful applicant is likely to be part qualified and in the process of studying for a professional accountancy qualification (ACA / CIMA / ACCA) and have experience working in a financial office environment. We are looking for someone who is highly motivated and enthusiastic to move forward and develop their career in a finance environment. They will be a team player who is happy to assist with transactional processing tasks when required, and who is also able to combine this with more advanced tasks involving the production of management information.&nbsp Please Apply Now	Dorset	Dorset	full_time	permanent	Albior Financial Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	50000	50000	strike-jobs.co.uk	1
145516	70682924	Strategist	The Role As the Client and Creative Director's key partner, the Senior Strategist is able to anticipate, inspire and drive ideas that solve the real problems of our clients. They use initiative, intuition and inspiration to plot the course, overcome challenges and consistently deliver strategic excellence on all ongoing projects. The Senior Strategist owns the development of at least one offer/service and is responsible for sharing knowledge and enabling others in the Strategy Practice to deliver the service. They actively work to grow and develop relationships internally, within practice and community, and externally, with clients within this agencies network. They also interrogate, investigate and tell stories to ignite compelling conversations with current/prospective clients thus opening doors. Responsibilities Lead the development of strategic findings and recommendations for clients' business problems, empathise with client issues, and anticipate the future challenges of our clients and potential clients to foster and secure long term relationships Commission, brief and manage research to support strategy development Facilitate ideas and idea creation to solve the real problems of our clients Ignite compelling conversations with clients and within your communities Interrogate and investigate by constantly asking 'why' and challenging the norm while being flexible, steering the direction of the conversation towards a conclusion and way forward. Ask yourself 'What would Walter do?' Work as the lead strategist in pitches and have the ability to sell your idea as a story to your pitch team and to the clients If this role sounds in line with what you are looking for please get in touch with Clare Persey  **** **** **** **** We have a number of jobs within the branding and design sector at present, so if this one is not suitable please contact me on **** **** **** to discuss other exciting opportunities which you can apply for.	West End	West End	full_time	permanent	Periscope Recruitment LLP	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	60000.00 - 80000 per annum	70000	Brand Republic Jobs	1
118485	69815761	HR Manager	This is a very attractive opportunity to join a media marketing consultancy on a **** month basis. Based in the City you will be providing coverage for the senior most HR position within a dynamic environment. This role reports to CEO level and sits at the lead of a small team. The interim HR Manager will be responsible for delivering a broad range of HR functions to a client group of circa **** employees. This will include:  Managing the annual performance review process and delivering relevant support throughout to line managers.  Provide advice and guidance on ER matters ensuring throughout that company policies are kept up to date and acted upon accordingly  Take the lead for all recruitment across the business including the annual Graduate recruitment Programme  Manage the company`s reward and recognition strategies including annual pay reviews, bonus and benefits packages  Monthly HR reporting to be delivered to Board level  Work with the coaching department to recommend solutions and implement improvement places where required. This will be a role that appeals to active hands on HR Professional with previous experience in an SME environment. Excellent employment law experience, persuasive communication skills coupled with strong organisational and planning skills will be viewed favourably. Ideally you will be CIPD qualified. Please include current salary details  basic, bonus plus any benefits  when applying.	London	London	full_time	contract	Digby Morgan	HR & Recruitment Jobs	55000 to 65000 per annum	60000	peoplemanagement.co.uk	1
235756	72546817	Ms Dynamics AX Technical Support, Hampshire, c****k	There is an urgent vacancy for a Dynamics AX Technical Support Analyst to work with a multinational manufacturing organisation that specializes in the security/safety industry, to work on with their Microsoft Dynamics AX system. As an MS Dynamics AX Technical Support Analyst your key focus will be on providing 1st, 2nd and 3rd line support, as well as working closely with developers to make major system modifications, furthermore you will be responsible for making smaller system modifications as well. Additionally you will; Be the first and main point of contact for clients Work alongside Business Analysts to help them gain understanding of technical specifications on projects Work with other support analysts and developers to create enhancements to business support systems to deliver to clients Help carry out research for new technologies to recommend to clients Provide initial training on the system Candidate Requirements Strong MS Dynamics AX knowledge (particularly in Manufacturing) Basic knowledge of SQL Experience in supporting medium scale IT solutions Excellent relationship building skills Creative approach to identifying new business opportunities This is a fantastic opportunity, for a creative thinking MS Dynamics AX Technical Support Analyst to take direct control of projects for multinational clients to improve the functionality of their business and application systems, for an impressively reputable, vastly growing organisation who are offering a rewarding enjoyable career opportunity. To discuss this role and for other impressive Dynamics AX / Axapta positions please send your CV or call Sam Cook on (Apply online only) in complete confidence. Nigel Frank International is the leading Dynamics AX / Axapta recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners and End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements jobs for Microsoft Dynamics AX / Axapta professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the market I have built relationships with key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities & Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs are	Hampshire	Hampshire		permanent	Nigel Frank International	IT Jobs	38000 - 39000/annum	38500	cv-library.co.uk	0
119721	69868379	CNC Setter (Nights)	Role: Perm CNC Setter/Operators/Millers (Nights) Location: Northampton Salary: up to **** plus shift allowance Hours: MondayFriday working Nights shifts We are looking for a CNC Setters/Operators to work for a leading Automotive/Aerospace company in Northampton.  Your main role will be to setup and operate a variety of CNC machines used for piston manufacture to the required quality standard.  Your duties/responsibilities will include:  Prove out new and run existing programs written in Fanuc and Heidenhain controls  Use inspection techniques and quality principles  For this role you will be setting    operating Hitachi Seiki machines and have experience on both vertical and horizontal.  The Control system used is Fanuc. You need to have the following/skills experience:  Experience in a CNC machining capability with Fanuc or Heidenhain controls  Experience of working within a high precision industry (such as Aerospace or Motorsport) to strict tolerances  Apprentice trained with City and Guilds/NVQ s in manufacturing/engineering  Be able to read, interpret and communicate technical information Perm Benefits include:  25 days annual holiday (plus **** Bank Holidays)  Employee BUPA care and option of adding family  Contributory pension scheme  Life assurance  Permanent health insurance  To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK  This is a fantastic opportunity to join a Leading Automotive and Motorsport client which values its employees and offers a highly professional work environment. There will also be opportunities to undertake work in a wide range of industry sectors. If interested in applying please send your cv and call **** for more details. I would also like to draw your attention to our candidate referral scheme. If you can recommend a friend or colleague to us, who we subsequently place, then you will receive **** in gift vouchers. View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.	Northamptonshire	Northamptonshire		permanent	JAM Recruitment Ltd	Engineering Jobs	20k - 25k pa + Shift Allowance	22500	justengineers.net	0
239884	72630708	Head Chef	This is a permanent position. Working within a new business venture within the local area, the position of Head Chef requires someone with a passion for food.You will be responsible for working with the whole kitchen team to serve fantastic food and strive for excellent service. Together with the management team you will be responsible for recruiting new staff and training staff as well as developing staff performance.Suitable candidates should have experience within a similar role as well as the ability to demonstrate passion and enthusiasm to aim to deliver the best possible standards of food quality and hygiene excellence. Proven people management skills teamed with the ability to handle conflict and challenges together with an operational focus is required. If you have visited Chiltern Recruitment and have registered with us in the past 12 months and you are interested in a specific role, please CALL either Anthony, Jan, Sarah or Ali.YOU DO NOT NEED TO RESEND YOUR CV; due to the volume of CVs received we may miss your application.	Buckinghamshire - High Wycombe	High Wycombe	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Other/General Jobs	18000 - 19000	18500	ukstaffsearch.com	0
104315	69572004	Estimator	Our client based in Maidstone is looking to take on a Estimator on a Temp to Perm contact.Job Responsiblities:Provide customers with competitive quotes from tender enquiriesPrice projects from bill of of quantities, specifications, schedules and drawingsCarry out detalied take off's from drawling and schedulesLiaise with clients, supplier and manufactures to provide the most competitive costIdeally you will have experience within aluminum windows, glazing or curtain walling. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/Estimator_job****	Kent - Maidstone	Maidstone	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	Trade & Construction Jobs	21120-23232	22176	london4jobs.co.uk	0
12768	66575453	Volunteer and Activities Coordinator	CCHF All about Kids has been providing Activity Breaks for disadvantaged kids for nearly *******0 years We are now embarking on a new phase of development for the charity in 2013 and have an exciting full time permanent post vacant. Volunteer and Activities Coordinator (Full Time) Location: Based at Stafford House, Hassocks, West Sussex. Salary/ Holiday: Salary scale ****  **** Does the following describe you? 'I am confident and outgoing with the ability to get on with people and children easily. I have shown flair and imagination in my previous roles and am flexible in my approach to all aspects of my work.' IF SO (and you can prove it) READ ON. Reporting to: Senior Activity Leader Hours: 35 hours per week Flexibility is essential regarding basic hours, in particular availability to undertake duties on occasional Friday evenings which will involve travelling to London to meet the volunteer team.  5 weeks holiday pro rota  Pension scheme available after 3 months  3 month probation period NB. The policy of the organisation is that annual leave cannot be taken during school holidays. However, exceptions can be made depending on working patterns. Essential specifications: Flexibility The post will be subject to: An enhanced CRB check Satisfactory completion of two references Key responsibilities: 1. Providing administrative support for the Senior Leader 2. Assisting the Senior Leader with the activity timetable which will include liaising and negotiating with outside organisations regarding activities 3. Supporting the Senior Activity Leader with the management of all volunteers including recruitment and retention. **** Supporting the Senior Leader with the organisation of volunteer training days. 5. Ensuring that all children's play equipment is well maintained and safe  this may involve liaising with our Facilities Manager. **** Ensuring all resources and equipment are prepared for each Activity Break **** Booking transport (train and mini bus) and drivers for all Activity Breaks. ****eeping database records (Raiser's Edge) up to date (training provided) **** Ensuring that evaluation of Activity Breaks is completed and processed according to CCHF All About Kids' procedures. **** Ensuring Risk Assessments for all activities are reviewed regularly and kept up to date (training provided) **** Assisting with photocopying, filing and other general office duties **** Undertaking any other duties as specified by the Senior Management Team The Post holder will be required to travel to London or other venues to help with events and Activity Break business. All expenses will be paid. For further details and application form please click apply now. No agencies. Closing date: 2****h January 2013.	Hassocks, Brighton, West Sussex	UK		permanent		Charity & Voluntary Jobs	18,000 - 21,000	19500	jobstoday.co.uk	0
114099	69747802	Commercial Disputes  City practice, Amazing opportunity	With new offices opening around the world, this firm is constantly upping its game and invests in attaining and retaining the very best talent in the market. The commercial disputes groups covers matters across a number of specialist areas including Commercial, Tax and Financial. They are currently seeking a high calibre and impressive Senior Associate to handle a mix of commercial and financial litigation. You will have experience in financial/banking litigation as well as general commercial litigation of 5 years PQE upwards, from well respected City practices. There is huge opportunity for career progression, unrivalled quality of work and excellent remuneration packages. Please apply with an up to date CV if you fit the profile above and are interested in being considered. safia.malikprolegal.co.uk or on **** **** ****	City of London	The City		permanent	Pro Legal Recruitment	Legal Jobs	50000 - 70000 per annum + dependant on experience	60000	legalweekjobs.com	1
69481	68806027	Mobile Product Manager Great Mobile Audience London	Product Manager, Mobile, Strategy, App, Applications, Smartphone, iPhone, iOS, Blackberry, Digital, TV, online, London My client has an excessive mobile audience/database seeking a mobile product manager to work in their mobile/media/tv department. Working on the mobile strategy and product roadmap the right candidate will work with core brand stakeholders advising them and mapping out how to strategise and capitalise on the product/platform in the best way. Working in Central London, the right candidate MUST have the following experience:  Solid experience in product management with mobile products Desirable Account management/marketing backgrounds Interviews will commence in January. EXCELLENT bonus, benefits , holiday package. Very strong commercial brand to work for. Apply now for a at start to the New Year	City of London	The City		permanent	Mortimer Spinks Ltd T/A Harvey Nash	IT Jobs	50k - 60k pa + +bonus+benefits	55000	jobsite.co.uk	1
144986	70676685	Project Manager	Quality International Recruitment are currently working with major 1st Tier Automotive Supplier based in Oxford area. My client is looking to recruit a skilled Project Manager ASAP. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Project Manager to lead a team driving a high volume project from concept phase through design, tooling and into production ensuring that the project is on time, on budget and to set quality targets. The Role: Management and ensuring successful delivery of automotive projects following the TS**** / QS**** APQP (Advanced Product Quality Planning Process) Planning, organising, setting goals, decision making, informing, safeguarding and managing a specific project. Ensure tooling is on time and cost. Be the key point of contact for the customer for a specific project. Presentation to and negotiation with the customer for a specific project. Lead and motivate a crossfunctional team. Assess manufacturing requirements for a new project by liaising with all relevant personnel. Ensure DFMEAs and PFMEAs are created Assist the Engineering Manager in developing new systems and procedures. Ensure the Project is on time and budget. Customer liaison and reporting of project technical issues and potential resolutions. The Person: Experience of managing projects development within the automotive industry Experience of plastics / paint / tooling. Strong commercial acumen with budget management experience. Hands on approach. Some team management experience. Willingness and ability to travel for customer meetings, both in the UK and abroad as required. Hold a valid UK driving licence. Ideally have German language skills. For more info, please contact the Recruitment Team on: **** **** ****	Coventry,Oxford,Banbury	UK		permanent	Quality International Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	40,000-50,000	45000	jobsite.co.uk	1
201324	71866755	SEN HLTA	A full time, longterm SEN HLTA position based in a Primary School in Hounslow. This vacancy has an ASAP start date and is until at least July ****0********. Applicants are required to: >Be qualified to degree level >Having experience working with children with dyslexia and dyscalculia >Have a minimum of 3 years practical experience working with children **** to 11 years old, with learning and behavioural difficulties >An understanding of Safeguarding policies, Code of Practice for SEN, Health and Safety, Child Protection, equal opportunities, confidentiality and data protection >Knowledge of learning processes, child development and working with IEP's >A valid enhanced CRB Disclosure You will also be liaising with the school SENCO and class teachers as well as taking charge of classes to cover the teachers PPA time. So knowledge of the EYFS and KS1/KS2 curriculum, and previous experience planning and leading a class would be beneficial. Horizon Teachers  Our Integrity  Your Horizon This position would suit someone living in, or close to, the Hounslow area, who is looking to aid the development and raise attainment of pupils from Nursery to Year ****	South East	South East London	full_time	contract	HORIZON TEACHERS	Teaching Jobs	70 - 80 per day	18000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
34518	68217959	Fire Service Manager	We are currently looking for a Fire Service Manager on behalf of our client. This established Fire and Security company who provide a full electronic fire solution have been established for 29 years. The successful candidate will be responsible for overseeing the fire engineers including organising rotas, holidays and dealing with technical questions. You will also be expected to price up work orders, getting involved in tenders and liaise with clients. To apply for this role you should have experience in a managerial or supervisory role and thorough knowledge of the following manufacturers Menvier, CTec, Advanced, Kidde, Vesda and Apollo The company offer a competitive base with a car, pension, phone and 23 days holiday bank holidays	Hertfordshire	Hertfordshire		permanent	First For Security	Engineering Jobs	32000 - 40000/annum Car + Overtime + Pension Scheme	36000	cv-library.co.uk	0
104515	69572947	Community Nurse  Watford	NHS experienced nurses required for a community based role, working around west London and Middlesex. Working for a leading private healthcare provider, the role continues and develops acute nursing skills, caring for patients on a onetoone basis in their own homes. Key skills for the role include venepuncture and cannulation, wound care, IV therapy and HICC and PIC lines. This gives some idea of the working requirements, visiting around **** patients per shift, caring for those newly discharged from hospital. With a 37.5 hour week, the role is a refreshing move away **** hour and night shifts. The company runs a monthly rota pattern which involves two weekends and five evenings per month. With unsociable hours overtime rates, the weekend and evening hours gives an average of 15% on top of the annual salary; so for example a ****pa salary becomes ****pa. Beyond the key skills mentioned above and NHS experience as key requirements, a history in the likes of A E, HDU, ITU or surgical step down wards is desirable. Candidates must have their own vehicle and a valid drivers licence to perform this role. To apply, please contact Ross Taylor on ross N/A .uk or N/A Applications need to be made with a full and up to date CV.	Hertfordshire - Watford	Watford	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	28000-32000	30000	london4jobs.co.uk	0
17140	66913545	Java Developer/Analyst Programmer  Java/Spring/Hibernate/JBOSS	Java Developer/Analyst Programmer Our client, a leading North London/Herts based IT Services company, is recruiting permanent Java Developers/Analyst Programmers to work on an interesting variety of client projects based in Hertfordshire with flexibility to travel to customer sites in London and surrounding counties. Key technical skills for the Java Developer/Analyst Programmer: Java /J****EE **** JBoss/JBoss SEAM OO concepts Multithreading MVC Design Pattern Spring Hibernate JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, HTML, XHTML, CSS, XML, XSLT Experience within an Application Support and Maintenance environment is also beneficial . Good communication both written and verbal along with strong interpersonal skills are essential for this customer facing role. In return our client is offering: a competitive salary flexible benefits package excellent career development prospects working in dynamic, client facing environment as a member of an established and experienced team career based training. For further information on this excellent Java Developer/Analyst Programmer opportunity, please email CV. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JavaDeveloperAnalystProgrammerJavaSpringHibernateJBOSS_job****	Borehamwood Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	OCS Resourcing	IT Jobs	From 35,000 to 42,000 per annum	38500	cwjobs.co.uk	0
48699	68609130	Software Developer ASPNET	The role of ASP.NET Software Developer is within the Web Services team of a well established and award winning software provider based in Gateshead, the team is currently made up of two developers and a project manager. The Web Services team is part of an overall IT Development department which has a staff of about **** The Web Services Team provides all of the company's online tools; their current project is to develop a web interface to parts of the company's latest software package using ASP.NET. This is a long term project that is underway but is approaching an exciting point where large rafts of new functionality need to be designed and built. The role of Software Developer in the Web Services team is to Develop robust, reliable, functional and intuitive web applications using ASP.NET Assist in the design of new functionality Keep abreast of emerging tools and technologies for online development Advise on tools, technologies and development approaches Work closely with the other developers in the Web Services team, to share ideas, progress etc. Build strong relationships throughout the Development department, to understand their projects and the interfaces/overlap with Web Services etc. Unit and system test web application before handing over to the Testing team Assist in the implementation/installation of web applications with new and existing clients Assist the Support team to resolve issues with web applications The role of Software Developer reports to the Web Services project manager and then to the Head of IT. The role is full time Monday to Friday, ****:00am to ****:30pm with 20 days annual holiday plus all statutory bank holidays etc. A competitive salary is available for the role and will be adjusted according to experience. The Person The Software Developer role requires a person with exceptional technical abilities, an eye for detail and passion for creating web applications with intuitive user interfaces. Strong and commercial Software Development knowledge of the following technologies are essential: C ASP.NET Visual Studio 2010 SQL Server 2005/**** TSQL Telerik components Team Foundation Server JavaScript AJAX XML Highly desirable would be any of the following Windows workflow Powerbuilder Payroll or HR experience Financial sector experience The nature of this Software Developer role requires this person to be very numerate, absolutely trustworthy and can work with 100% accuracy, especially in ASP.NET. It is a fun and relaxed place to work but it is essentially a service environment so there is considerable pressure to deliver accurate and timely results to satisfy clients. The person for this role must be able to thrive in that environment. Lastly, the person for this role must be self motivated, able to manage their own time effectively and be able to work unsupervised. If you are interested in the advertised position for an ASP.NET Software Developer please apply through the requested method and we will be in touch shortly with regards to your suitability for the role. Sharpe Recruitment is a North East based consultancy, dedicated to placing professionals in rewarding jobs throughout the North of England across a variety of disciplines including Digital Media, Creative Advertising, Sales & Marketing, PR, IT and Business Operations.	Gateshead	Gateshead			Sharpe Recruitment	IT Jobs	25000 - 30000 per annum	27500	MyUkJobs	0
135128	70259011	Moulding Setter	Job Title: Moulding Setter Location: Bideford Salary: ****'****  ****'**** per anum The Role: Responsible for all Moulding operators and their activities Setting machines and ancillary equipment in such a manner as to ensure consistent quality product in addition to achieving production targets Verification of product prior to production runs Deputising for the Section Coordinator Moulding (when required) for the daytoday running of the Moulding department Liaison with the Quality Department, as applicable Liaison with Production Control on plant capacity and delivery lead times Liaising with the Engineering Department regarding machinery and tooling The candidate: MUST have 25 years experience in a similar role, and be comfortable working a shift basis of ****/**** and possibly **** this will include a shift premium of 10% early, ****% late and ****% night shift. You must also be comfortable in managing and mentoring other employees. The Company: Has grown extremely rapidly in the last few years, whereby the scope of work has increased on all levels of the company. Fantastic opportunity to join a fast ever growing company. The Package: 20'****30'**** salary  may be flexible, standard 25 days holiday plus bank holidays, includes shift working premium. To apply for the role, please send CV or calll /	Bideford	Bideford		permanent	ECS Recruitment Group Ltd	Engineering Jobs	20000.00 to 30000.00	25000	tntjobs.co.uk	0
126595	69997157	Project Engineer  Moulding	Job Title: Moulding Project Engineer Location: Oxfordshire Salary Guide: **** to **** Essential: Must be an expert in Injection Moulding Processes Plastics Processing / Polymer science degree, or similar Medical/Pharma industry experience Customer Fronting Experience Desireable: Experience leading a multifunctional team Reason for role: need specific point of contact to liaise with client experts on Injection Moulding issues. Will additionally support the Process Improvement Engineers. Description: To provide Moulding Project Engineering support to a specific project. To manage moulding projects from definition through to validation to time and within agreed budget. Will be liaising directly with an external client that has this experience, so must have customer facing experience, and be able a strong communicator. Key Responsibilities:  To provide technical leadership on assigned projects from within the organisation.  To provide technical leadership to the moulding team for investigations/Validation.  To communicate project status to business stream manager/customer.  To work with Tooling Engineer to incorporate requirements to tooling requirements documentation.  To facilitate Tooling Risk Assessment, Tooling Design FMEA's with the Tooling Engineer, tool supplier and appropriate members of internal staff if required.  To determine and generate the correct specification of moulding and ancillary equipment needed in manufacturing to meet project/product requirements.  To develop the Validation rationales for tooling, moulding and any other associated processes within the validation guidelines and provide the required input into the creation of Validation Master Plan.  To be responsible for the generation of all robust documentation/specification criteria/associated with validation of new tooling/moulding process [Validation plans, protocols, reports etc.].  Support the test methods and metrology team to define measurements tools/systems for component dimensional and attribute measurement.  To undertake all tasks associated with the data warehouse (a bespoke data transfer system for the customer).  To define handling / packaging requirements for components and in collaboration with the Moulding Manager introduce and qualify the manufacturing solution.  To identify and implement the required training needs in manufacturing to support the new product / process.  To ensure appropriate handover packages are compiled, generated and transferred into manufacturing to ensure smooth handover and compliance in production.  To ensure Health and Safety Policies and Environmental Policies are being adhered to at all times.  The achievement of agreed personal objectives. People Management  This experience is desirable, not essential  Experience of leading a multidisciplined team.  Experience of managing cross functional teams. Knowledge Expertise:  Proven experience in the medical device industry, though will consider Pharma background.  Experience of project/programme management.  Experience in the moulding sector, preferably in the medical industry.  Computer literate, including MS Project Excel skills.  Demonstrate skills in project management processes including customer funded programmes. Qualifications: Degree in a technical discipline. Personal Characteristics: Must have a can do attitude with strong analytical and presentation skills This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectEngineerMoulding_job****	Woodstock, Oxfordshire Oxfordshire South East	Woodstock		permanent	RHL.	Engineering Jobs	45000 - 50000 per annum	47500	totaljobs.com	1
85660	69082809	Maintenance Electrician	Our client is looking to recruit an Electrician to join oheir Engineering Department. Role: To electrically, electronically maintain thermoforming, printing machines through breakdown, planned, and preventative maintenance methodologies. Additionally, the role includes the participation in continuous improvement projects. Qualification: HNC/ONC/C Knowledge of PLCs and PLC programming. Logical approach to troubleshooting. Working knowledge of temperature and pressure control circuits. Understanding of stepper, single and **** phase motors and motor controllers. Able to use and understand multimeters, oscilloscopes and other measurement devices. Able to use and understand electrical and mechanical drawings. Must be computer literate. On site training will be provided for the successful applicant, commensurate with the challenges and responsibilities this position brings. This is a weekly paid position and will be a 4on4off shift rotation working **** hour shifts. (Two days: 7am to 7pm; Two nights: 7pm to 7am; and 4 rest days)	Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, England, Cambridgeshire	Huntingdon		permanent	Interaction Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	30000 - 31000/annum	30500	cv-library.co.uk	0
68252	68783350	Restaurant Manager	High profile general manager role in this successful and well run branch, considered a flagship store in the region. Managers enjoys significant commercial autonomy to run the branch and develop sales and control all cost areas. Career progression with this UK wide expanding Brand is excellent. Managers will be expected to progress to their own store following ongoing training and development, and the bonus and benefits are highly competitive. Retail Human Resources is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.retailchoice.com/JobSeeking/RestaurantManager_job****	Birmingham West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		permanent	Retail Human Resources	Retail Jobs	27000 - 33000 per annum + package & lucrative bonus	30000	retailchoice.com	0
121048	69931636	MOT Tester / Technician	This Vacancy is being advertised on behalf of Autotech Recruit Ltd who is operating as an employment agency. We have an immediate vacancy for the following: Role: Class 4 MOT Testing and general servicing and mechanical repairs. Environment: Dealership Experience and Qualifications: VOSA smart card required and Full driving License. Ideally experience of ATL testing bays however not essential and training can be provided. Mechanical qualification beneficial ideally to level 2 in City Guilds, BTEC, NVQ, IMI etc and ideally come from a dealership background. Hours: **** to **** per week Monday to Friday ONLY Basic Salary: ****K to ****K DOE. Bonus: Yes Overtime: Available. Annual Leave: Minimum 28 days. Any problems email (url removed) or call (Apply online only)	Chertsey, Surrey	Chertsey		permanent	Autotech Recruit	Other/General Jobs	22000 - 25000/annum BONUS	23500	cv-library.co.uk	0
186687	71678836	Labourer	Temporary work available through Jark Construction Recruitment Agency. Reliable labourer required for a well known Main Contractor who hold a very healthy order book for ****013, meaning this short contract will lead to further opportunities for the right person. You will be unloading deliveries, assisting trades people and ensuring site's H S is kept up by making sure the site is tidy. CSCS and PPE required, along with 2 reference contacts and ID; Passport/BirthCert, Driving License/Utilty Bill, and proof of National Insurance Number. At Jark we work with many of the Main Contractors in the industry, as well as a large volume of SubContract Companies, we have new orders placed everyday. Please send the documents stated above to ruterjark.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Labourer_job****	Reading Berkshire South East	Reading		contract	Jark Construction	Trade & Construction Jobs	UKP 6.50 per hour	12480	totaljobs.com	0
44820	68514550	Duty Manager/Quality Hotel/East Lothian/****	Located in close proximity to the capital, this extremely high quality hotel requires a Duty Manager to ensure the highest standards of service. Job Description This intimate venue is all about the guest service, the quality and the presentation. As a result, we are seeking a Duty Manager with an extremely keen eye for detail and one who can deliver the highest of standards every time Responsible in all areas of the hotel, you will predominantly be based in food and beverage so must have a knowledge of fine dining. Required Experience Previous experience in a similar role in another high quality hotel must have been held and a track record of success demonstrated. You will need to have high personal standards and be able to command this of your team. Handson in your work, you will be keen to deliver and to progress your career. Salary and Benefits The starting salary for this role is circa **** and comes with good company benefits. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format. If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunities or call us on **** **** ****Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/DutyManagerQualityHotelEastLothian****_job****	East Lothian Scotland	East Lothian			Berkeley Scott	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	18000 per annum + Good benefits	18000	caterer.com	0
87964	69129687	Pick Packer	We have immediate opportunities for pick packers based in the Gosport/Fareham area.Previous experience would be preferred but is not essential.You must be: Numerate and Literate (able to complete a written and maths test) Able to work in a very fast paced environment conducting various warehouse duties Able to lift and carry up to ****kgYou will be working to orders, picking goods from different locations using the hand held scanners provided.Hours of work: Between the hours of N/A overtime and weekends are also included).Please contact Rebecca for more details N/A	Hampshire - Portsmouth	Portsmouth	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Admin Jobs	13073 - 15671	14372	ukstaffsearch.com	0
117259	69800510	Information Support Manager	S mart**** Ltd is an “Award Winning” and independently run recruitment consultancy which specialises in both Permanent and Temporary positions across all Business Support roles . Smart**** have become renowned as one of Hertfordshire's fastest growing and most dynamic recruitment companies and were a finalist for ‘Best New Business’ and won the overall ‘ Judges Award’ for most “promising” and “innovative” company within Hertfordshire at the Herts Business Awards 2012. We are proud to work with a leading number of blueship companies as well as smaller SME’s businesses throughout the region. The smart**** team are an energetic and smart team of highly experienced and professional recruitment consultants who are committed at exceeding both our candidates and client’s expectations. “smart10  One career. Go for it  Position: Information Support Manager  Location: Hatfield, Hertfordshire  Salary: ****  Contract: Permanent, full time Company Profile: Our client is a highly reputable organisation within the Health Fitness industry, based near Hatfield, Hertfordshire. They are currently recruiting for an Information Support Manager to join their expanding team on a full time  permanent basis. Job Description: The Information Support Manager will be responsible for the maintenance, administration, security and development of their internal systems and databases.  Uphold develop customer database on the computer  Implement training to the onsite teams on the systems  Establish and instrument a disaster recovery plan to avoid systems failures  Making sure all ICT systems run without any problems including an antivirus software Skills Required:  The IT System Support Manager must be experienced in the use of MS Office suite more specifically in Excel, Word and Access (or a similar database)  Good knowledge of using the Internet email  Must have the ability to train other staff members  Expertise of working with complex IT Systems  Previous experience and the ability to troubleshoot and diagnose computer hardware software issues Ideally experienced with Gladston or Technogym Wellness (highly desirable) as well as previous experience working within in a Technical Support Role. Characteristics Personality:  Strong problem solving skills  Efficient, good analytical accuracy skills  Must be reliable, tolerant determined “smart10 Ltd  Ensuring that the best talent is matched to the right job and the right job has the best talent” Should you be short listed for this position, a member of the Smart10 team will be in touch with you in the next seven working days. Good luck with your application This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InformationSupportManager_job****	Hatfield, Hertfordshire Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Support Services Group	IT Jobs	From 25,000 to 25,000 per annum	25000	totaljobs.com	0
98689	69476609	POLICY ADVISER	We are a global charitable foundation dedicated to achieving extraordinary improvements in health by supporting the brightest minds. We currently have a vacancy within our Strategic Planning and Policy Unit for a Policy Adviser. The Unit leads on strategic planning and provides analysis, research and advice on policy and evaluation issues to help ensure that the Trust can achieve its mission in the most effective way. You will coordinate a range of activities concentrating on policy development and advocacy particularly in relation to support for the UK research base, higher education and technology transfer. Educated to degree level in a relevant discipline, you will be able to demonstrate: significant work experience in a relevant sector which will include policy development and advice; knowledge and understanding of research and innovation processes; familiarity with public affairs activities; excellent writing, communication and influencing skills. You will be an enthusiastic team player with strong communication and organisational skills, and a track record of working proactively. To apply For more information and to apply online visit our website by clicking on the apply button. Alternatively send a CV and covering letter explaining how you meet the criteria for this post to: HR, Wellcome Trust, Gibbs Building, **** Euston Road, London, NW1 ****BE. Application deadline: 27 January 2013 Interviews: 11th February 2013	West London	West London	full_time	permanent	WELLCOME TRUST	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	c. 35,000 pa depending on experience	35000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
146560	70734335	Business Development Executive	Due to the expansion of its Sales Team, The Apartment Service is looking for energetic and focused New Business Development Executives to increase and maintain occupancy in its own brand of apartments “Roomspace”.This will be achieved through effective and persistent communication with local companies in areas where Roomspace has a presence. Salary: **** – OTE **** however bonus is uncapped The ideal candidate must have proven experience and success within a new business development role and have a proactive outlook and flexible attitude to work in order to build and develop relationships with potential and existing clients Must have a full clean driving license as this position is field based around London and the Home Counties. Key Tasks / Specific Requirements New Business Development/Account Development  To research leads/data from various sources for opportunities to maximize business for Roomspace.  The coordination of mailshots and emailshots to maintain brand awareness.  To evaluate potential business from such contacts  To ensure the account is managed throughout the business in order to maximize profit e.g. issue handling,  To identify the key contacts in each account and their key objectives  To maintain ongoing contact with these contacts as appropriate  To evaluate the potential business for each account  To assess competitor activity in areas where Roomspace has a presence.  To arrange open days and Familiarization trips to increase awareness.  To refer/coordinate with BDE – TAS any client that requires a complete accommodation solution in areas where TAS acts as an agent.  To assist client liaison executive and Guest Services Manager when required to resolve any complaints received.  Out of hours support (Holiday cover) Sales Reporting  To produce a weekly and monthly sales reports to cover the following headings (but open to amendment):  Monthly performance, Sales Activity, Performance against Target, Call and Appointment Activity. Key competencies/ skills  Proactive sales skills including new business development, account development and sales planning  Client focused and enthusiasm to exceed expectations  Customer service focused  Good communication skills both verbal and written  Ability to work under pressure and good time management  Good team player able to lead from example  High level of interpersonal skills including ability to be able to interact at all levels of accounts  Commercial acumen  Ability to problem solve  Flexible attitude to working outside of core job role and working hours  Aproachable Manner with an empathetic outlook  Assertiveness  Professional appearance and demeanour  Full UK driving licence Qualifications / Experience  Proven experience in new business development and identifying and maximising opportunities  Familiar with basic account management and client account development methods  Sales experience within the Hotel or Serviced Apartment industry desirable however not a must. NO AGENCIES PLEASE Unfortunately due to the volume of applications we receive we are unable to respond to every unsuccessful candidate, therefore if you do not hear from us within 14 days of your application please be aware that in this instance we have chosen not to pursue your application for this position. The Apartment Service does not discriminate on grounds of Disability, Race, Age, Gender, Creed or Sexual Orientation and comply with all relevant UK legislation. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutive_job****	South West London London South East	East Sheen			The Apartment Service	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 24,000 to 29,250 per annum Salary: 24,000 – OTE 29,250, howeve	26625	caterer.com	0
75261	69002526	Head of Management Information	Head of Management Information ******** Car Allowance Sheffield (with travel and ability to work from Home) We are one of the Britain s largest organisations, and are proud to be the number one provider of business process outsourcing in the UK. Our Capita Health and Wellbeing team provide occupational health services to businesses, medicolegal reporting services to the personal injury sector, plus a range of outsourced support and services for every aspect of the insurance process: from teleinterviewing, underwriting, medical evidence gathering, claims management right through to rehabilitation and international medical assistance. We are now in the process of recruiting a Head of Management Information, where the successful candidate will be tasked to lead the business improvement & innovation of MI & Demand Management. You will drive an architectural transformation & roadmap of the MI / Demand Management proposition within Capita Health and wellbeing which allows flexibility and abilities of uptake at all levels, to drive best practice within the business and to create a centre of excellence of MI / BI that drives innovation and experience for customers (internal / external) Responsibilities: Ensuring consistent alignment of data and MI extraction with business and customer requirements Driving continuous improvement of the relevance, accuracy, completeness, availability and timeliness of MI Promoting selfservice availability for on demand access without specialist intervention, where viable and affordable Driving down cost of MI production and toolset maintenance Consultation with the Business Units on Management Information & Demand Management efficiency based on Business requirement / client feedback Business Operational reviews and recommendations to support business direction of Management Information & Demand Management Business Case Support on Management Information & Demand Management related design & developments Design, Development & Implementation of Management Information & Demand Management architecture & toolsets Provide MI consultancy and technical support to all Business Units and Divisional Support functions. Essential Experience: Stakeholder and team management Communication: Interact and coordinate with various Operational Desks and Senior Stakeholders. People Skills. Time management: pressure driven to meet timelines. Knowledge and skills in the latest BI / MI & Demand Management practices and tools. Delivery of MI / BI solutions into boutique and enterprise organizations.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us	Sheffield, South Yorkshire	Sheffield		permanent	Capita Resourcing	Consultancy Jobs	55000 - 60000/annum Car Allowance	57500	cv-library.co.uk	1
142457	70602473	relief security officer	We have a vacany for a relief security officer to cover both retail and static security duties. Must have good communication skills, full front line SIA License and own transport. Duties include patrolling, dealing with customer enquiries. Carring out searches as and when required. Reporting any incidents and following all emergency prcedures as stated in site instuctions. All Applicants to contact Phil Barkley on **** **** ****	Warrington	Warrington	full_time		securitas security services lt	Other/General Jobs	6.19 - 7.00 per hour	12662	Jobcentre Plus	0
42543	68446873	Occupational Therapist  Hospital Assessment Team	An experienced Occupational Therapist is required immediately to work in the busy Hospital Assessment Team based in Southend. Full HCPC regsitration is required. The Role To ensure the delivery of high quality services in response to assessed need. Emphasis will be on measurable outcomes within the principle of Social Inclusion and consistency of approach. Job Purpose To work in collaboration with commissioners to ensure that services are flexible and responsive to the needs of adults with a physical and/or sensory impairment and are developed in accordance with the strategic aims and objectives of the service. To work with the Hospital Assessment Team to meet the changing needs of both service users and carers.	Sea	Sea	full_time		STN Locums	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	22.00 - 24.00 per hour	44160	Jobcentre Plus	1
35975	68240595	Purchase Order Analyst  UK	My Client is looking to recruit aPurchase Order Analyst to join their company based in Redditch where you will be in charge of the Purchase Order process for nonproduction within the company. The right candidate will have previous experience in working in a fast pace environment experience with Quotations and PO requis	Redditch, UK	Redditch				Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	20000 - 22000 per annum	21000	oilandgasjobsearch.com	0
237919	72606572	Senior Acc Exec/Acc Man	Senior Account Exec/Account Manager The Job: Leading independent Advertising / PR agency based in Manchester are looking for a highly organised and enthusiastic Senior Account Executive to join the brand team. This exciting and dynamic opportunity will involve working on leading Financial Services and FMCG brands. You will be working across a range of different briefs involving multiple media formats. The right candidate will have at least a years experience working in as a Project Manager / Account Manager and will be confident liaising with clients, proactive with a strong sense of intuition, incredibly well organised and strategically minded. Agency experience is preferred however if you have not worked agency side be prepared for a fast paced and demanding environment although do remember that hard work is rewarded at this agency  This integrated agency will provide any aspiring Account Managers the opportunity to work with high profile clients providing invaluable experience. The Person: Organised Strategically minded At least ****  2 years experience Work independently as well as part of a team Client facing confidence To work under pressure and deliver on challenging briefs To be able to advise and direct senior clients with their campaigns  Network Group Holdings is an Equal Opportunities Employer	North West	North West London	full_time	permanent	NETWORK MARKETING	Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	25k to 30k per year GBP	27500	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
36661	68258794	Sales Agent  High Wycombe	Why work in partnership with RAC as a selfemployed direct sales agent? RAC has 115 years of motoring experience – more than any other breakdown organisation, and we are currently recruiting sales agents nationally in the UK. The Direct Sales Force This is a successful channel of RAC of over **** agents which offers the opportunity to buy memberships on a face to face basis in retail sites and door to door. The Role Our direct sales agents simply sell RAC breakdown cover in supermarkets, shopping centres, markets and car boot sales and door to door. Ultimately the role involves engaging with the general public, canvassing them and telling about our amazing range of products, building a rapport and selling to needs in line with FSA regulations on a face to face basis. No previous experience is required, but great sales skills and the ability to engage with people are a real advantage. Your character, drive and determination is most important to us. The Person We look for professional, selfmotivated individuals who want to earn a substantial income. You will be a passionate people person. Historically, applicants from a wide range of backgrounds including small business owners, ex franchisee’s, retired military and forces and taxi drivers have made a success of their own agency. Comprehensive Training Program At RAC, we're always thinking ahead. Which means, when you join us, you'll be part of a group that equips all of its people and gives them the training they need to get the most from it. We offer a comprehensive training program which is a residential course. You will learn about RAC, our products, processes and procedures to fully equip you to drive your own business. Our Experience Our industry knowledge is unsurpassed, our management team has on average over 10 years direct sales experience, which they love to share and will offer training and support to enhance your success. Mentor Scheme We want you to be successful, but understand that many of our brilliant Direct Sales agents come from backgrounds other than direct sales. With this is mind we dedicate an experienced agent to support you through your first months in the business. Our Commitment We invest heavily in your training and provide you with the equipment and technology you require to perform including: Sales stand, uniform, hand held terminal, marketing materials. We also pay for the majority of sites where you work including Sainsbury’s, Morrison’s and car boot sales. We also provide you with public liability insurance at no additional cost. The Benefits So if you're hungry to learn and earn a substantial income between **** and **** with uncapped earning potential and have the drive, RAC will work as your business partner. It’s your business so within reason you can choose where and when you want to work. The hours, ideally full time including regular weekends. Your commitment **** per month  agency fee. Ideally: You must hold a full UK driving licence. All successful applicants are subjected to CRB, CIFAS and Credit checks. So if you want to work in a company where people are proud to support one another and everyone's contribution counts send your CV to our dedicated recruitment line: Email: DSFrecruitmentrac.co.uk  **** You may have experience of the following: Sales Executive, , Insurance Sales, Business Development, Event Sales, Account Manager, Delegate Sales, New Business Executive, Advertising Sales, Marketing, Membership, Field Sales, Cold Calling, Territory Sales Executive, Lead Generation, Membership Sales, Self Employed, Sales Agent, Direct Agent, Commission Only Sales, Direct Marketing, B****C Sales, Business To Consumer Sales, Door to door sales, Franchisee, Utilities sales, Solar power sales, Home improvement Sales.Small business owner, Sales Manager This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesAgentHighWycombe_job****	High Wycombe Buckinghamshire South East	High Wycombe			RAC	Sales Jobs	From 20,000 to 60,000 per annum OTE	40000	salestarget.co.uk	0
33617	68182049	Quality Assurance Engineer	Quality Assurance Engineer Nr Godalming Up to **** (depending upon experience)  Pension  parking Due to continued expansion we are seeking to recruit a Quality Assurance Engineer to report to the Managing Director. You will have auditing experience and knowledge of ISO9001 and Lean, Six Sigma processes. You will have a proven track record of problem solving and improvement of processes. Duties will include: be able to maintain all records required for BS EN ISO 9001:**** to manage returned goods and deal with complaints and be able to perform tests on returned goods and to take action. To process claims against suppliers and to keep accurate records of returned goods. Must have a good understanding of legislation requirements and monitor supplier compliance. Must have good communication skills as you are required to liaise with customers and suppliers. Be able to carry out inspections and visit customers and complete a full report. Ideally you will have an HNC/HND in mechanical electrical or electronics. This role requires excellent organisational and communication skills. When applying; please make sure you include a contact email and telephone number, as well as your required salary, notice period and whether or not you have transport. First **** Personnel ( Temps) Ltd is an established Recruitment Consultancy, Surreybased, providing a full recruitment solution of temporary and permanent staff within the Surrey and Hampshire area, over **** divisions: Accountancy Finance; Sales Marketing; Commercial Office; IT Executive. For more permanent, contract or temporary job opportunities in the Guildford, Farnham, Farnborough, Camberley, Weybridge, Woking, Staines and West Byfleet areas please check our website. You must reside in UK and be able to produce evidence of eligibility to work in UK. First **** Personnel ( Temps) Ltd does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to permanent roles.	Godalming	Godalming		permanent	First 4 Personnel  Limited	Engineering Jobs	26k - 27k pa + benefits and parking	26500	jobsite.co.uk	0
235589	72546403	SalesLogix or Sage CRM Consultant  top consultancy	SalesLogix or Sage CRM Consultant  top consultancy in the North. Work for one of the UK s leading software consultancies and resellers, part of the Sage Circle of Excellence with a superb working environment. Travel to client sites and some flexible working from home  realistically you need to live within 2 hours drive of Manchester or Warrington. Salary to **** plus car allowance and great company benefits. This is an extremely successful, well established and award winning Sage Solutions centre who provide accounting, CRM and ERP software implementation, project management and support to a wide range of clients across SalesLogix, Sage CRM, Sage 200 and Sage 50. They have an excellent reputation for quality service and have built a niche market within several verticals. With a great pipe line of new business lined up they now require an experienced SalesLogix or Sage CRM consultant to join their talented team. You will need at least 2 years experience in all aspects of SalesLogix or Sage CRM, including scoping, data migration, implementation, user training and client support. Your role will encompass consultancy, system specification, gathering business requirements, implementation, data migration, user training and post implementation support for Sage CRM or SalesLogix projects. Candidates should be self motivated with great communication skills, client facing, and happy to fit into a team environment. Great company culture, excellent staff retention, excellent benefits, on going training and a genuine career path for the right people. Please contact Jake King or Carolyn MacLurg at Ambis for further details or drop across your CV to us at Ambis	Manchester, Greater Manchester	Manchester		permanent	Ambis resourcing Partnership	IT Jobs	30000 - 35000/annum car allowance	32500	cv-library.co.uk	0
169532	71341524	Senior Policy Planner	An exciting opportunity has arisen with a progressive Local Authority for a Senior Policy Planner. Your primary objective will be to play a key role assisting with the progression of LDF Core Strategy through to examination in conjunction with preparation of Development Management and Site Allocations DPD's. Additional duties also include coordinating and conducting extensive stakeholder and community consultation. This will be supplemented by evaluation and compilation of evidence base research. Successful candidates will have acquired practical experience as Policy Planner working on the implementation of the LDF at a UK planning authority. You must have strong expertise drafting technical planning policy documents and coordinating stakeholder and community consultation.	Surrey	Surrey	full_time	contract	Macdonald Co	Engineering Jobs	33,000 to 41,000 per annum depending upon experience	37000	jobs.planningresource.co.uk	0
44279	68508746	Rental Account Manager & Office Assitant	Residential Account Manager the candidate will need to be highly organised and able to present information in a concise and clear manner. An understanding of Mircosoft Excell is essential. X**** Lettings is looking for someone reliable, friendly, organised with good people skills and an ability to prioritise tasks and think independently. We like to think we have a lovely team in an exciting and busy office and for the right candidate this is an chance to join a rapidly growing company with considerable opportunities for future career development.	LIVERPOOL	Liverpool	full_time	permanent		Consultancy Jobs	17,000	17000	fish4.co.uk	0
94050	69194132	Occupational Health Nurse	Perth  A full time permanent role for an experienced Occupational Health Nurse to deliver a service for a world renowned leisure facility. This is stand alone role to deliver a full Occupational Health remit including sickness absence management, employee health assessments and health surveillance. You will need to be confident working autonomously and have a flair for relationship building and communicating at all levels.	Perth, Scotland	Perth			Occupational Health Recruitment	HR & Recruitment Jobs	28k - 32k	30000	Personneltoday Jobs	0
228150	72446124	Recoveries Coordinator	Recoveries Coordinator is required for a financial Services business in Northamptonshire. Applicants will have a significant amount of recoveries experience and will be assisting in the coordination of several aspects of asset recovery to mitigate loss. As Recoveries Coordinator you will be responsible for the selection and instruction of external licensed asset recovery agents, and will be responsible for the implementation of payment plans coupled with the sale of repossessed equipment, assistance with complex collections and litigation cases. You will also be providing support to other members of the recoveries team and other departments when necessary. As an experienced recoveries specialist you will be able to make commercial decisions in a fast paced environment based on your expertise and knowledge. The successful applicant will be required to support all aspects of the recoveries function including asset recovery, litigation and novation. You will have an Indepth knowledge of collections processes and procedures together with a good working knowledge of the Consumer Credit Act. With excellent negotiation skills you will be able to settle the most complex cases in order to mitigate bad debt losses. Applicants should be able to work to targets and agreed deadlines and should have excellent attention to detail. This is an excellent opportunity to work within a fast paced and exciting environment where you will be rewarded with career progression and an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. Please apply online for immediate consideration This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecoveriesCoordinator_job****	Wellingborough Northamptonshire East Midlands	Wellingborough		permanent	Support Services Group	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 24,000 to 25,000 per annum	24500	totaljobs.com	0
24658	67745725	Nursing Home Manager  Dartford	Our client is a leading independent provider of care to elderly service users across the UK.We are currently recruiting for an experienced and dynamic Home Manager (RGN) for a 38 bedded General Nursing home situated between Hextable and Dartford in Kent.Main purpose of the role: To oversee the care of residents within the Care Home. To take responsibility for the daytoday running of the Care HomeThe marketing of the homeMaintaining/improving occupancy levelsTo ensure that all Company policies and procedures, and all legal requirements are adhered to within the defined timescales.Applicants must have a strong background in Nursing Home management with an excellent track record of compliance and improving and maintaining standards of care in the homes they have previously managed.The post has an excellent salary with a performance bonus on top of this.Should you wish to apply for this position please contact Jay Gibbons on **** **** **** or email j.gibbonsrecruitingforcare.co.uk	Dartford	Dartford	full_time		Recruiting for Care	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	57,000/Year	57000	staffnurse.com	1
178874	71557923	Joiners	ABC Contract Services are currently looking for Joiners in the Peterhead area. This is a temporary ongoing post. The successful candidate will be required to instal metal stud partitions and drylining. Accommation is included, you must have your own tools, a valid CSCS card and IPAF tickets are an advantage. Disclosure Scotland s are essential, however the client is willing to reimburse this cost. ABC Contract Services is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy	Peterhead, Scotland	Peterhead		contract	ABC Contract Services	Trade & Construction Jobs	500 - 750/week pricework	30000	cv-library.co.uk	0
42024	68411741	Cleaning Operative	Cleaner required to work Monday  Friday from 6am  8am. Duties to include vacuuming, mopping, dusting, polishing, cleaning toilets, bins etc. Previous cleaning experience preferred.	Barnet	Barnet	part_time		Design Clean Ltd	Maintenance Jobs	6.25 per hour	12000	Jobcentre Plus	0
79052	69017059	Data Input	We are looking for a Data Input Clerk based in Scarcroft, Leeds to work within the Customer Competency Centre. This is a short term temporary full time role 37 hours per week Monday to Friday ****:**** to ****:**** and will last 3 months possibly longer paying **** per hour. Job duties include: : Setting up new users on systems within agreed SLA : Amend existing user access on systems within agreed SLA : Remove old users from systems within agreed SLA You must be computer literate and have excellent keyboard skills SAP knowledge would be beneficial but not advantageous. Please contact Matt at Brook Street on (Apply online only) Email: (url removed)	Leeds, West Yorkshire, West Yorkshire	Leeds		contract	Brookstreet UK	Admin Jobs	7.46/hour	14323	cv-library.co.uk	0
143662	70623632	Events & InStore Promotions  Customer Service Skills Helpfull	This is an exciting role with a forward thinking company which is seeking to redefine the market in which it operates; the organisation is driving ambitions plans for growth on the back of new thinking and radical developments across the business. In this role you will be responsible for supporting the development and delivery of insightled customer acquisition campaigns, such as our new alarms and cosmetics campaign. Some specific responsibilities include organising POS, face **** face sales, completing daily sales management and up selling new products. Main duties will consist of:  Direct Marketing  Live Eventbased Sales Promotions  Brand Awareness  Campaign Management The ideal candidate for the role will be:  Determined  Motivated  Have a willingness to learn  Looking for progression We are ideally looking for candidates with some sales or Customer service experience although consideration will be given to candidates from all backgrounds as full guidance and advice will be given to all successful candidates. All roles are based from our Glasgow office so please be able to commute on daily basic, we have immediate start dates available. Pay is performance based there for totally uncapped. Successful candidates will be first given a call to chat over your c.v before we decide if you are suitable. You will then be given an appointment with a member of the management team. All successful candidates will be invited to spend a half day observing our events team. Please note this opening does involve F****F sales and product promotion. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EventsInStorePromotionsCustomerServiceSkillsHelpfull_job****	Glasgow Lanarkshire Scotland	UK		permanent	Anro	Customer Services Jobs	From 15,000 to 22,000 per annum OTE - Average Earnings	18500	totaljobs.com	0
195468	71799857	Software Development Manager	Cisco's Cloud Security engineering team develops nextgeneration technologies to secure our customers from a wide range of security threats, malware and inappropriate content. We pioneered the SaaS model in security, and have already launched massively scaled products that are changing the way our customers protect themselves and their users. With data centers distributed around the world, Cisco operates at a scale that few other SaaS providers can match. Our Cloud Web Security product (ScanSafe) scans around **** billion web requests every day, and applies a range of heuristics, categorization and filtering technology to safeguard against attack. We grow as the web grows, so the challenge is constant. And we work daily on the kind of challenges (big data, API platforms, high scalability) that keep us on the cutting edge of technology. We are now moving rapidly into a variety of other cloud security services, and are looking to bring on a Software Engineering Manager motivated by delivering the software infrastructure to power these products to extremely high levels of availability at scale. You will be responsible for managing a group of **** Software and QA Engineers. You will own all aspects of line and project management, and be directly responsible for the delivery of the projects in your team. You will also focus on creating the right kind of empowering, creative culture for engineers to thrive in. A background in an Agile software development environment is a must, since this underpins all our processes. Additionally you can expect:  Product releases to live every two weeks  Established and maturing commitment to scrum  Change is constant; we are always investing in cutting edge, brand new hardware and software  Work life balance; we truly believe in it  having designed a flexible work environment to facilitate collaboration and boost productivity (European Great Place to Work  Cisco  ****) As well as continual technical development, you will be richly rewarded with a highly competitive salary, extensive range of benefits and the encouragement to learn and develop. Key Responsibilities . Day to day leadership of the Engineering team. . Partnering with Product Management to ensure the team has a clear strategic direction and roadmap. . Resource allocation for key projects. . Coaching engineers to develop their full potential. . Project planning  identifying, scoping, prioritizing , tracking and reporting deliverables and milestones. . Managing risk and issues. Required Skills Experience: . Extensive background in Software Engineering, preferably within multinational environments and all aspects therein. . Results focused with a track record of success working in an Agile environment. . Experience building and managing a team of Software Engineers, both onshore and offshore. . Good understanding of Java or Python, Linux, TCP/IP. . An exceptional mentor and leader with a passion for continuous improvement. . Excellent organisation and communication skills. . Ability to pick up new technologies quickly. . Proactive, flexible and a people person.	City of London - London	The City	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	IT Jobs	60000-70000	65000	london4jobs.co.uk	1
186121	71677125	Credit Control	 Responsible for a ledger(s) as part of a credit control team Maintain accurate and up to date customer details and account records using Excel Reconcile information supplied by foreign customers against information raised in Sales system Allocate cash, raise queries and reconcile all accounts Work with a minimum of supervision on collection of overdue accounts Have regular customer conta Candidates that have at least **** year of credit control experience in a media company Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. The company have **** iconic brands across the UK and are market leaders in the online space A fantastic salary and great benefits package. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CreditControl_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Page Personnel Finance	Accounting & Finance Jobs	25000	25000	totaljobs.com	0
63493	68704228	National Divisional Manager  Rail  Milton Keynes	National Divisional Manager  Rail  Milton Keynes ****  **** basic (neg.) Superb uncapped commission Generous car allowance Healthcare Pension 22 days holiday  stats Company Highly profitable business operating from with a national network of offices Provide technical, professional, and skilled/semiskilled trades offering Temp, Contract and Perm recruitment solutions Outstanding career potential for high achievers Position Due to continued expansion, they require an experienced Recruitment Manager head up their Rail division which is Linkup approved  PTS/Trackside This will initially be hands on billing role, with a remit of increasing headcount in Milton Keynes, and then roll out across other national office location  North South You will recruit Rail Safety/Critical disciplines  typical roles but not limited to: PTS, Lookout, Crane/Machine Controller, Engineering Supervisor, Handback Engineers etc… You are able to recruit for both contract and permanent roles in order to maximise your personal earnings The role can offer you genuine scope to progress in to more senior management roles Requirements A demonstrable track record of success as a Recruitment Manager/Team Leader  within RAIL recruitment (ideally Safety/Critical) Hands on and able to lead by example Strong leadership management skills Sales driven, money motivated and ambitious We do try to respond personally but if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please accept that your application is not going to proceed further This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalDivisionalManagerRailMiltonKeynes_job****	Milton Keynes Buckinghamshire South East	Milton Keynes		permanent	Fresh Partnership	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 35,000 to 45,000 per annum + Uncapped commission + Car/Allowanc	40000	totaljobs.com	0
106694	69592532	Credit Manager	Credit Manager Job in Belfast In partnership with its client CPL is currently seeking a Credit Manager in Belfast. Job Role: The Credit Manager will be required to protect our clients investment in accounts receivable, using appropriate security, credit limits and payment methods. Duties Responsibilities: Managing the Credit team providing credit expertise leadership and ensuring that credit policy is implemented and communicated to all company locations Manage trade credit to agreed terms and minimize exposure to bad debt Pro actively manage credit limits, ensuring that changes are authorized and compliant with credit policy Review key accounts (financial data, payment performance, securities) on a regular basis updating and maintain credit files where material changes occur Ensure all high risk customers are identified at the credit assessment stage Ensure the effective timely production and distribution of relevant monthly and weekly reports to Company Management Ongoing review of securities to ensure sufficient and valid securities is held on file for key customers To ensure that a system is in place to pro actively highlight concerns / potential problem accounts to the Company Management Experience and skill set required: ****5 years related experience in a high volume/ value credit environment Experience in managing and developing a credit team in a challenging business environment Fully versed in all aspects of securities (personal guarantees, bank guarantees, credit insurance, fixed and floating charges) Demonstrate a proven ability to initiate reduce investment in debtors whilst at the same time maintaining the business Experience of profiling and understanding credit risk Excellent analytical skills the ability to analyse and interpret financial statements Strong administrative and IT Skills (Microsoft Office) are required, knowledge of ERP systems would be an advantage Strong commercial awareness Membership of the Institute of Credit Management (or equivalent) experience of credit forums, with an ability to evidence focus on analytics such as payment performance CPL Contact: To apply or for further information please contact Sheena Crosbie on **** **** **** or apply through the link below. Key words: credit, accounts receivable, manager, finance, risk, role, job, career, Belfast, Antrim, Northern Ireland Minimim Experience 4 to 5 years	Belfast	Belfast		permanent	ARRAY	HR & Recruitment Jobs	25000 - 40000, Negotiable	32500	recruitni.com	0
183629	71630008	Senior Business Analyst	To maintain and develop group and syndicate MI, and support regulatory reporting into Lloyd's. In addition, to provide timely and accurate management information including underwriting data and related projects aimed at improving the delivery of management information to the business. Partnership Competencies These are in addition to the Core Competencies: o Strives to exceed the expectations of the client and actively seeks feedback o Is outward and customer focused o Confident in own skills and contribution; challenges the client so to support the client in achieving their optimal results Partnership Capabilities o Strives to understand all dimensions of the client and their underlying business as it influences their expense base: Knowledge of the individuals within the teams including communication preferences Up to date knowledge of their market and their planned activities: Recent and upcoming product innovation and initiatives. Considers and addresses wider implications of these Interested and considers the full P L result of the underwriting teams applicable Understands and identifies all key drivers (systems and processes) behind the different views of reported (MI) results. Specific Business Partner activities These will include, but are not restricted to, the following: o Be the relationship manager for the support teams as directed o Production and delivery of the following MI to the Business Partnering team as applicable and working with them to provide suitable commentary and where appropriate approval in a timely and professional manner as suitable for the report type and audience: Monthly direct cost reports Full cost allocation reports Cost allocation matrix Balance sheet reconciliations Premium forecast and budget templates (technical and nontechnical) Quarterly expense forecast and budgeting templates Business plan Actuarial templates Flash Rate Change analysis Review and support of syndicate returns MI Dashboard Management accounts report Triple Wizi upload Journals uploads and review Any other key reports which may change from time to time o Provide support to the Senior Business Partner and th Who we re looking for Qualified accountant (ACA/ACCA/CIMA) Strong analytical skills with attention to detail Accurate and numerate Computer skills:  excellent working knowledge of: o Excel Able to communicate effectively with others, both verbally and in writing Motivational skills, team worker as well as able to work on own initiative The ability to manage time, meet deadlines and prioritise Experience of a deadline driven environment Knowledge of reconciliations and the ability to drill down to the cause of a problem Outcome focussed, selfmotivated, flexible and enthusiastic Professional approach to successfully interact with senior management, colleagues and external suppliers Creative, with ability to develop and implement new ways of working Understanding of the need for accurate and timely management information About our client Lloyd's of London player What s on offer **** per annum	London City	The City		permanent		Accounting & Finance Jobs	35000 - 45000	40000	michaelpage.co.uk	0
107769	69600108	Chef de Partie  Hotel  Herts	Chef de Partie required for our prestigious client  a Hotel in Hertfordshire As Chef de Partie candidates either require a fine dining background for this opportunity at a multi  Rosette level or experience of catering for volume within conference and banqueting As Chef de Partie you will be working 5 days over a **** day rota The salary for Chef de Partie is given as ****  **** / per annum / Transport would be required due to location  live out role only N.E. Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy Please send an up to date copy of your Curriculum Vitae. We look forward to receiving all applications however due to the high number of applications we are only able to contact candidates which closely match the level of skills and experience of the requirements of our clients. However for more information or opportunities please contact us or forward your cv for consideration. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieHotelHerts_job****	Welwyn Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	NE Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 17,500 to 18,500 per annum	18000	totaljobs.com	0
81458	69026335	Curriculum Team Leader	Curriculum Team Leader Curriculum Team Leader in Construction Salary **** negotiable for the right candidate We are offering a fantastic opportunity to join our dedicated team of professionals and deliver outstanding teaching to the next generation in the construction industry. We have a clear vision to deliver a high standard of on hands on and technical training in our new 34million facilities. As Curriculum Team Leader you will lead a team of teachers to deliver teaching which inspires and engages all learners. You will ensure the embedding of quality assurance processes and lead and support the team's development. The role will suit a teacher with a minimum of three years postqualification experience (in construction or related areas), experience of supervising staff, and a passion for curriculum innovation and design. Excellent communication, interpersonal skills, and an appreciation of the uses of IT are essential, as is a commitment to excellence. We are only able to contact you if you are shortlisted for interview, and we will do this via email so please ensure we have your accurate contact details when registering. The salaries are advertised as a range within the banding for the grade, and your appointment will be based on your skills and experience. Salaries are reviewed on an annual basis. You will be expected to work such hours as are reasonable necessary for the proper performance of your duties and responsibilities, with a minimum of 37 hours per week. The College's leave year operates from September to August. The entitlement for this post is 39 days per annum plus statutory bank holidays. This post is subject to the provisions of the Teachers Pension, which is a contributory scheme. Thank you for your interest in Southampton City College. Latest Application By: 31Jan2013 Location: Main Site	Southampton, England	Southampton				Teaching Jobs	30750	30750	britishjobsonthe.net	0
13154	66596230	Theatre Practitioner  Anaesthetics and Recovery	Position: Theatre Practitioner  Anaesthetics and Recovery Location: Central London Salary Range: ********/annum  Benefits Summary of Theatre Practitioner  Anaesthetics and Recovery: MedicsPro are actively seeking a Theatre Practitioner to work in both Anaesthetics and Recovery at our client's prestigious private hospital in Central London. This is a fulltime position supporting the Lead Practitioner to manage and undertake a full range of clinical workload in line with service needs. The successful candidate will have opportunity for further training and development whilst at the hospital, as well as a fantastic benefits package. Skills/Requirements for Theatre Practitioner  Recovery: Registered Nurse Level 1 or ODP NMC registration/HCP registration Qualification in anaesthetics At least 1 year experience working in anaesthetics and recovery Communication skills Able to prioritise workload Maintain a high level of clinical practise Attention to detail Knowledge of relevant hospital policies and procedures Benefits of Theatre Practitioner  Anaesthetics and Recovery: Retirement Scheme Healthcare Scheme Life Assurance Critical Illness Insurance Meals at the hospital restaurant during shifts Subsidised accommodation available Other fringe benefits If you are interested in applying for this role please click APPLY now or contact Katie on **** **** **** or via email katie.olertmedicspro.com About MedicsPro: MedicsPro is one of the UK's leading specialist medical recruitment agencies, contracted to supply medical staff to a wide range of public and private sector clients throughout the country. MedicsPro offer both Locum and Permanent staffing solutions across all medical areas working with Nurses, Doctors, Allied Health Professionals (AHP), Health Science Staff (HSS) and more. Refer a Friend: We are offering a bonus of **** for any referral that leads to a successful placement in this role. Please call **** **** **** for further details.	City of London	The City	full_time		MedicsPro Ltd	Other/General Jobs	29000 - 31000 per annum + Benefits	30000	wileyjobnetwork.com	0
185907	71676528	Facilities Manager	FACILITIES MANAGER Permanent **** per annum Location: Bristol (commutable from Cardiff, Newport, Cwmbran, WestonSuperMare) Acorn Recruitment are currently seeking a Facilities Manager for a solicitors firm based in Bristol, the role will be spilt over 3 branches so your own transport will be essential. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS EXPERIENCE Experience required in operational and building management, operating to budget, health and safety, purchasing and facilities. A good working knowledge of Microsoft Word and Outlook is required. MAIN PURPOSE OF THE JOB The Facilities Manager is expected to undertake administrative and management tasks at the instruction, direction and guidance of, and reporting to, the Partnership's Premises Partner in order to help ensure that the practice runs as smoothly and efficiently as is reasonably possible. In addition the Facilities Manager is responsible for the reception and cleaning staff in all the firm's offices, this constitutes approximately **** members of staff. MAIN DUTIES Operational management Overseeing the daytoday running of the offices subject to the guidance of the Partners and the instruction of the Premises Partner Overseeing and managing the reception and cleaning staff at the 3 offices, this will include performance management, absence management, carrying out appraisals, interviewing and day to day supervision to maintain a professional service to the Firm. On request, assist the Firm's focus groups with their tasks and administration Providing a monthly report to the Premises Partner Advice on Health and Safety Risk management  all offices Respond to alarm call outs out of hours SYSTEMS, PROCEDURES QUALITY Implementation and development of required systems and procedures. Responsible for maintaining and organising the archiving systems in all offices Evaluation of all current systems to ensure efficiency and quality of service provided Assist the Premises Partner in the development of office processes HEALTH SAFETY Health and Safety issues  compliance with and advising on regulations  Arranging workplace risk assessments and implementation of recommendations arising from these Organising workstation assessments and implementing recommendations arising from these as instructed Organising manual handling training Responsible for first aiders and training Responsible for fire and security alarms all offices Responsible for maintaining or implementing security requirements in all offices PURCHASING FACILITIES Ensuring that the processes agreed by the partnership for the payment of office expenditure are adhered to Managing and purchasing of services and equipment Negotiating new contracts and service level agreements, within the prepared budget Management of all office premises and maintenance and repair of the same subject to the direction and instruction of the Premises Partner Responsible for fixtures and fittings, furnishings and equipment subject to the direction and instruction of the Premises Partner. Advice and assistance with Office, PL and EL insurance cover GENERAL At all times to exercise high standards in a professional and pleasant manner. Help ensure the confidentiality and security of all of the firm's and client documentation and information. Help maintain clear and precise communications with other personnel of the firm. Endeavour to ensure good working relationships with partners, work colleagues, external institutions and organisations. To prioritise and manage own workload subject to the direction and instruction of the Premises Partner. The above list is not exhaustive; the Facilities Manager is expected to perform any other tasks as reasonably may be required by the Partners from time to time. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FacilitiesManager_job****	Bristol Avon South West	UK		permanent	ACORN RECRUITMENT LIMITED	Legal Jobs	30000 per annum	30000	totaljobs.com	0
194864	71796857	GRADUATE SALES CONSULTANT/ GRADUATE ACCOUNT MANAGER	GRADUATE SALES CONSULTANT/ GRADUATE ACCOUNT MANAGERSector: Express Parcel Delivery Location: BristolSalary: **** Basic salary plus **** BonusGlobally recongised parcel delivery companyMulti billion pound turnoverFantastic progression opportunitiesFull sales training and induction Role: After your training and induction programme you will work alongside an experienced Regional Sales Manager to help you in your development. Targeting medium sized businesses you will be selling fixed term contracts for all their express delivery needs. With a business related degree you will need to be well presented and have the ability to develop new and existing business. The Company: Global brand leader in the parcel delivery and logistics sector seeks a graduate with a commercial edge to join their thriving sales team. As a Graduate Sales Executive your responsibilities will include:Contacting clients on a daily basisNew business development Developing accounts at a variety of levels Cold callingAccount managementFor this Graduate Trainee Sales position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria:Educated to degree level or equivalent in a business related subjectTenacityAbility to think on your feet Target focussedWell presentedConsultative natureThe package for this Graduate Sales role:Up to **** Basic Plus **** Bonus Plus additional benefitsAbout BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: We focus on helping future sales professionals to find graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales jobs. We specialise in graduate assessment, placement and sales training. Established in 1990, we've developed a strong brand, synonymous with graduate sales recruitment and sales training. We work with a prestigious client base of global companies and provide them with a range of services to ensure they attract, retain and develop the best graduate talent in the UK. Please visit our website at www.bmsgraduates.com or call Sharon Wright (Graduate Manager) on **** **** to discuss your job search.	South West	South West London		permanent		Sales Jobs	15k - 20k	17500	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
21080	67298985	Field Salesxecutive  Waste Management	Field Sales Executive Waste Management ****k basic, ****k OTE  Excellent Benefits Luton / South East Our client is a leading waste management company serving all sectors of the business community. As one of the leading independently owned recycling and waste management companies in the UK, our client strives to provide innovative and sustainable technologies that work for both the customer and most importantly the environment. With services and solutions covering everything from Hazardous Waste through to Anaerobic Digestion with Zero Landfill always top priority, this family owned business is primed for further growth. They now have an immediate opening for a Field Sales Executive to be based from their Luton office. As a client facing Sales Executive you will be responsible for the entire sales cycle through to closure and will be tasked with arranging and conducting business meetings on a daily / weekly basis with local/regional accounts. Business is to be generated through a blend of lead generation and account management, where you will take ownership of account wins. This exciting role, whilst based from Luton covers a large and lucrative territory. Further details are available through contacting Certus Sales Recruitment. The ideal candidate will possess a minimum of 612 months new business sales experience gained in a b2b or b2c capacity. Exposure to a service based sales would be a distinct advantage although prior experience in Waste Management is not a necessity. You will be highly motivated and driven to building a successful sales career within an industry leader. You will have first class communication and presentation skills with the ability to liaise and present at every level. The successful candidate will be rewarded with a basic salary of ****k with a highly achievable and uncapped ****k OTE plus a generous benefits package, which includes a company car. Certus is an established and experienced specialist and consultancy, providing sales and marketing recruitment services to the business to business marketplace throughout the UK. We are experts in the recruitment of internal and external (field sales) sales professionals from Graduate we are well positioned to deliver cost effective recruitment solutions in a timely manner. To find out more about Certus, please visit and Like our and pages to follow all the latest vacancies and news from within Certus and around the industry	Luton, Bedfordshire, England, South East	UK		permanent	Certus Sales Recruitment	Sales Jobs	17000 - 20000/annum + 22-25k OTE + Excellent Benefits	18500	cv-library.co.uk	0
197021	71830457	Machine Learning Expert Quant / Machine Learning Specialist Quant  Fixed Income Quant Group, Leading Investment Bank	Machine Learning Expert Quant / Machine Learning Specialist Quant Fixed Income Quant Group, Leading Investment Bank Introduction: Montash have been engaged by a leading Global Investment Bank to lead the search for a Quant Analyst with specific skills in Machine Learning. The successful candidate will join an awardwinning Quant team and apply Machine Learning techniques to modelling problems across Fixed Income eTrading. The Responsibilities:Act as Machine Learning Expert for this Quant team.Work closely with research teams to develop a variety of modelsHelp set research strategy and directionMentor junior members of the teamOptimize existing trading modelsLiaise directly with trading desks and business managers The Skills:Ideally, a PhD in Computer Science with heavy slant towards Machine Learning.Mathematics or other Computing PhDs will also be consideredIndustry experience of Machine LearningIdeally experience with automated trading and market making The Package: This is a business team; you will be part of the Front Office bonus pot. A competitive basic salary of up to ****k plus bonus equal a fantastic total package Contact: If this opportunity is of interest, or for a conversation about the Quant market in general, please call Paul Kirtley on **** **** **** or email paulkmontash.com. Keywords: Quant, Quant Analyst, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Quant, Machine Learning Principles, Fixed Income, Front Office, Investment Bank, London.	London	London			Montash Limited	Accounting & Finance Jobs	Up to 120k + Bonus + Benefits	120000	eFinancialCareers	1
7777	64822242	Technician	I am looking for a skilled technician in the Cambridge area that has dealership background. Previous experience in a Seat, Audi, Vw dealership would be a distinct advantage. Please get in contact for more information. apply.a****zm1dcnvautoskillsuk.aptrack.co	Cambridgeshire	Cambridgeshire		permanent	Auto Skills UK	Other/General Jobs	18000 - 21000/annum	19500	cv-library.co.uk	0
17554	66926219	Business Analyst, Retail/InStore Systems  Leicester	IT Business Analyst, Retail, InStore Systems, Business Change Analyst, Change Management, Business Process Mapping, Reengineering, Project Planning/Prince**** Leicestershire, East Midlands. The primary role of the Business Analyst is to work with the business stakeholders to assess current and future processes, with a view to capturing detailed requirements, identifying solution options and providing pragmatic, balanced recommendations. Essential in assuring the solution design and evaluating how this fulfils the requirements, understanding the business impact of changes, and working with the business and test team in supporting the solution sign off through effective testing and business process change delivery. Essential Experience: Comprehensive understanding and experience of a Retail/InStore environment. Excellent research and analysis skills with strong problem solving skills and the ability to analyse existing systems for enhancements and support resolutions. Have a proven ability to analyse complex systems and processes accurately and create functional specifications based on that analysis. Excellent written and oral communication skills at all levels of the business. Strong communicator with an ability to constructively challenge, facilitate and probe to fully understand the business need, as well as excellent listening skills. Excellent interpersonal skills in order to build up and maintain effective relationships. Ability to produce an advanced level of documentation such as Data Flow Diagrams, Process Flow Diagrams etc. Ability to think strategically and develop creative and innovative solutions to problems. Experience of formal Business Analysis methodology. Desirable Experience: Experience of user interface design and the ability to create prototypes and wire frames Salary: ****  ****  Bonus  Excellent Benefits Location: Leicestershire (Commutable from Warwickshire, Northamptonshire, Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire) Celebrating nearly 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates. We recruit Permanent and Contract Programme Manager, Change Manager, Functional Consultant, Senior Project Manager, Senior Business Analyst, Business Analyst, Project Manager, Project Coordinator, Junior Business Analyst and Project Planning jobs across the Midlands	Leicestershire, East Midlands	Leicestershire		permanent	Cordius	IT Jobs	34000 - 37000/annum 34,000 - 37,000 + Bonus + Excelle	35500	cv-library.co.uk	0
219682	72341953	Service Advisor  Franchised Car Dealership	Automotive, Motor Trade Job: Service Advisor required in Birmingham Salary: ****/**** Basic, Realsitic **** to **** uncapped Term: Full Time, Permanent  Monday to Friday 8am  6pm with **** in **** Saturdays 8.30am to ****:30pm My client, an Automotive Main Dealer in the Birmingham Area is currently looking to employ an experienced and professional Service Advisor for their busy dealership/service department. You will have the opportunity to earn a good income and develop your career. In return our client is looking for a career driven individual with 100% commitment to the cause, you will need to have a professional outlook, present well and be an excellent communicator, our client demands the highest levels of customer service combined with skill to sell to your customers when appropriate so you will need to be motivated by targets both personal and departmental. You need a resilient nature and a mature attitude to succeed in a department that consistently demands to use of initiative. You will be greeting customers in to the service department, extensive liaison with the workshop to chase work in progress, and keeping customers informed, and gaining authorisation for any additional work to be carried out. Our client offers a fantastic salary package. You will ideally live within the Birmingham area or be able to travel to the Birmingham and have a working experience in a Main Dealer Service Department. If you live in Birmingham, Coventry, Birmingham, West Midlands then this job is the perfect location Spear Recruitment Ltd is Employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** We have many different Motor Trade Jobs available throughout the UK from  Call Us Now For Motor Trade Jobs, Working in Automotive Main Car Dealerships such as, Ford, Vauxhall , BMW, VW, Land Rover, Volvo, Bentley, Lexus, Toyota, Jaguar, Mazda, Mercedes, Peugeot, Audi Renault, Citroen, Nissan, Hyundai, Kia to name but a few Copyright Spear Recruitment Limited 2012. Use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Spear Recruitment Ltd prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions	Birmingham, West Midlands	Birmingham		permanent	Spear Recruitment Ltd	Sales Jobs	18000 - 26000/annum	22000	cv-library.co.uk	0
133777	70250920	Recruitment Consultant	Do you have a proven track record in recruitment? Are you looking for an opportunity to work with a dynamic and fast moving organisation, where you can really excel? Office Angels Exeter are currently recruiting for an experienced Permanent Consultant with a solid foundation in the recruitment industry. You will be responsible for business generation and development and for placing candidates into permanent roles. As part of the role you will be required to network regularly, make outbound sales calls, generate appointments and win the business. In return you will be working for a dynamic and energetic organisation that will allow you to flourish and develop professionally. A generous basic salary starting at **** per annum  dependent on experience plus a competitive commission structure To apply for this role please email your CV to charlotte.hortonofficeangels.com Office Angels are an equal opportunities employer and are acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultant_job****	Exeter Devon South West	Exeter		permanent	Office Angels	HR & Recruitment Jobs	18000 - 30000 per annum	24000	totaljobs.com	0
133613	70250349	Operations Manager  Real Estate	Our client, a global Insurance organisation based in the City currently has a new role for a Senior Consultant to join their Real Estate and Operational Support Team. You will be responsible for ensuring Compliance, an effective working environment, IT, Procurement, Health and Safety and Business Continuity Management. You will support with budgeting and expenses and keeping a check on overall costs. You will report into the Manager of the dept and stand in during their absence. Manage all communications to the business relevant to the above areas. This is a role which requires minimal supervision and direction and you are expected to do be able to problem solve tasks. Areas of responsibilities are: Procurement  tendering and awarding contracts. Proactive management and support and ensuring that all costs are allocated. Business Continuity Planning and Reporting. Providing other adhoc support to the manager as and when required driving forward new processes and systems as well as continuous improvement. The ideal candidate will have excellent experience of business services, operational management and insurance. Health and safety  advanced knowledge. Contractor management Costing and financial planning and budgets Good MS office skills. Self motivated with a professional outlook. Excellent time management with the ability to multitask and work under pressure. Red Anchor Recruitmetn is an equal opportunities agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationsManagerRealEstate_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Red Anchor	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 50,000 to 60,000 per annum	55000	totaljobs.com	1
77239	69010266	**** x Asbestos Surveyors  Asbestos P****  Essex	Our client is one of the top players in the asbestos market providing a wide range of asbestos and environmental services to clients across the UK. Due to the business expanding rapidly, they are currently looking for **** x Asbestos Surveyors to cover a mixed bag of contracts in and around the Essex area. Applicants MUST have a strong experience in Management & Refurbishment/Demolition surveys The applicants must hold the P**** asbestos certificate and must have previous practical experience working within this role and within the asbestos industry. The role will entail: Carrying out Refurbishment/Demolition surveys on various properties. Collating and producing asbestos reports as and when required. Developing and maintaining good relationship with clients. In general, you will be an allrounder, flexible, have good communication skills, both written and verbal, be conversant with the Health and Safety procedures with regards to asbestos and have the ability to work on own initiative. This is a good opportunity to join a successful company that offers a competitive salary, company vehicle and other benefits. Future Select specialize in recruiting staff in the Asbestos Industry. We currently have over a **** clients that are looking for candidates that have from 3 months experience to people with over 20 years in the industry. Positions from Trainee Asbestos Surveyor to Lead Surveyor, Asbestos Analyst, Asbestos Laboratory Technician, Asbestos Quality and Technical Manager positions are available through to Director level. If you have a minimum 3 months Asbestos industry experience, or are ideally p**** or s**** qualified please feel free to forward you details	East of England, East Anglia	UK		permanent	Future Select Recruitment	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	27000/annum Company Vehicle, Benefits	27000	cv-library.co.uk	0
72481	68846881	Sales / Customer Service Reps Required: Paid weekly	Sales / Customer Service Reps Required. ******** Per Week Average Earnings Paid Weekly We are a Sales and Marketing company, part of a large international network and are working with a huge established client which is now expanding. Due to massive success in previous campaigns we are now more in demand than ever before. Our clients want us to represent them in new campaigns, cities and countries and we have opportunities for **** people to join us and learn new skills in an exciting and fastpaced industry. We provide full coaching in the following areas: Sales and Marketing Customer Service Business Development Campaign Management Team Building Sales experience is not necessary as our philosophy is to support and develop the individuals in the company from entrylevel sales right through our business development program with high quality advice and guidance. The roles would suit individuals who are ambitious ad selfmotivated. A positive mentality is vital in sales and excellent communication skills are advantageous. The interview process has begun so please respond promptly. If you feel this opportunity is for you and want to start a career in sales and customer service then apply now to our sales recruitment team. Previous experience in the following may be relevant but not essential: Sales, Customer Service, Marketing, Business Development, Sales Team Leader, Sales Management, Campaign Sales, Product Sales, Tele Sales. Sales Trainer, Sales Trainee. We are no longer looking for any summer workers, students or parttime people so please do not apply. To apply for this advert please use the Jobsite online system, remembering to attach your CV to your application, or alternatively if you wish you may send your CV directly to recruitmentsimplyrecruit.co.uk. Please make sure your full name, address and contact details are available so we can contact you if you are successful. Keywords: Sales, customer service, marketing, business development, business opportunities, business advancement, business opportunity, business opportunities, business experience, summer work, summer opportunity, summer opportunities, sales team leader, sales management, sales experience, sales representative, campaign sales, product sales, telesales, telesales experience, sales trainer, sales trainee, sales opportunity, sales opportunities, customer service experience, customer service positions, customer service role, customer acquisition, retail experience advantageous, bar experience advantageous, customer service experience advantageous, leadership experience advantageous, caf experience advantageous, no experience necessary, no experience required, graduates welcome, nongraduates welcome	Manchester, Birmingham, Bristol, Liverpool, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Maidstone, Plymouth, Wolverhampton, Leeds, Guildford, Portsmouth	London		contract	Simply Recruit Ltd	Sales Jobs	13000-31000 Average Earnings	22000	londonjobs.co.uk	0
21078	67298976	Direct Sales Representative	A Direct Sales Representative is sought to join this established Fundraising company, to work in prebooked venues across Southampton and the surrounding areas (NOT doortodoor). The company is well established within their marketplace, and offer a great basic salary and a high, long term earning potential. TITLE: Direct Sales Representative SALARY: ****k basic salary, plus commission, OTE ****k LOCATION: Southampton and the surrounding areas As a Direct Sales Representative, you will promote the facility of donating to a specific charity in pre booked venues within a particular region. The ideal Direct Sales Representative candidate would have: Previous direct sales experience (although not essential) Experience working to targets A high level of selfmotivation A strong work ethic A positive attitude Excellent communication skills In this Direct Sales Representative role you will, in return for hard work and success, be offered a proven path to success with a company that prides itself in providing a great working environment for all its employees. Please click to apply now for this role as a Direct Sales Representative in Southampton and the surrounding areas. If the details shown on your CV match our client s requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: Fundraiser, Field Sales Executive, Charity Fundraising, Promotions, Sales Agent, B2B Sales Executive, B2C Sales Representative, Outbound Sales Advisors, Telesales Advisors, Outbound Sales Consultant, Telesales, Outbound Sales Representative, Sales Executive, Contact Centre, Sales Representative in Southampton. Ref: DJC****	Southampton, Hampshire	UK		permanent	eRecruit Solutions	Sales Jobs	16000 - 50000/annum	33000	cv-library.co.uk	0
232506	72479054	Senior C Developer	Job Role: C Developer .Net ****  Algorithmic Trading Location: London, City Salary: ****k to ****k  bonus  25 days holiday C Developer /.Net Software Engineer (C .Net **** SQL). Specialist Hedge Fund ($160m under management) is seeking a passionate technology enthusiast to join their team in the City. You will design and develop highly complex automated trading systems utilising the latest Microsoft technologies, working across a wide variety of projects in a team environment. Technical ability is prized over industry knowledge, superb opportunity to learn and gain valuable knowledge of realtime financial trading systems. Requirements for C Developer:  Expert level C .Net development experience (.Net **** / ****)  Strong database skills on SQL Server / Oracle (tables, stored procedures, views, queries, large data sets)  Thorough understanding of computing fundamentals  Passionate about delivering clear, concise, scalable code  Degree educated, minimum **** in a technical or scientific discipline As a C Developer /.Net Software Engineer you can expect to earn a highly competitive salary (c ****k), 25 days holiday and bonus. Send your CV or call for an informal discussion about this C Developer opportunity. This vacancy is being advertised by Client Server Ltd. Client Server is a leading recruitment consultancy specialising in technical positions in IT, the services advertised are those of an Employment Agency. We recruit across a range of sectors including finance and banking, software houses, innovative technology startups, media, telecommunications, eCommerce and consultancies. We will never send your CV without your permission.	London	London		permanent	Client Server Ltd.	IT Jobs	75k - 120k pa + bonus + 25/day holiday	97500	jobsite.co.uk	1
118889	69828304	Assistant Manager  High Volume Brasserie  Coowned by renowned chef	HIGH VOLUME BRASSERIE  QUALITY FRESH FOOD PRODUCE  UP TO ****K BASIC  BRITISH CUISINE  COOWNED BY A WELL RENOWNED CHEF We are looking to secure the services of a dedicated, passionate and knowledgeable Assistant Manager who has strong experiences working at a similar level a top quality, high volume Brasserie. The ideal Assistant Manager will have previous managerial experience in a venue that delivers high quality and turns over **** covers daily The Brasserie is part of a **** restaurant company that is coowned by a well renowned chef and is currently undergoing a refurbishment. The Brasserie also hosts a newly built New York style cocktail bar and a private dining room. Experience required: Previous management role in a high volume Brasserie Experience in a venue that serves breakfast/brunch Cocktail and Bar experience The roles benefits include: A basic salary of up to **** A bonus scheme Progression opportunities We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving, we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Towngate Personnel are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services.	South West London, London, UK, Greater London, West London	London			Towngate Personnel	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 23,000 to 25,000 per annum	24000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
168669	71335080	RGN Ortho Scrub	Due to an overwhelming demand from the NHS and Private Sectors Castlerock Healthcare Division (CRG) are looking for experienced Recovery Nurses to join our dedicated Theatre Team. This vacancy is being advertised by Castlerock Healthcare Division (CRG) who are acting as an employment business. We are a preferred key supplier into the NHS and Private Sector. We require exceptional and committed Theatre staff with a minimum of 6 months post registration experience to deliver high standards of care within the specialities listed below. • Orthopaedics – minor and major • Trauma • General • Vascular • ENT • Cardiac • Ophthalmology • Maxilliofacial • Neurology • Paediatric Candidates who are able to provide immunisations and mandatory training can professionally be offered work within 510 days. (This is dependant on all pre employment checks being satisfactory completed.) In return we offer a personal pension, free mandatory training, flexible hours, weekly pay combined with a competitive temporary workers benefit package. To find out more call Recruitment Team on **** **** **** or email your CV in confidence to Successful applicants will be required to provide an Enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by applicant.	Liverpool	Liverpool	full_time		Castlerock Recruitment Group	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	20 - 27 Per Hour Bonus Package Available	45120	Jobcentre Plus	1
185522	71675455	Technical Sales Engineer	A Technical Sales Engineer role within a precision engineering company, providing technical support to external clients. Posted by: Kensington Consulting Ltd Role: Technical Sales Engineer Sector: Manufacturing Location: Preston, Blackburn, Blackpool, Wigan Salary: circa **** Ref: VAC**** Role Reporting into the Technical Director, the role of Technical Sales Engineer involves: Providing technical support to incoming client enquiries relating to specifications and requirements Converting initial enquiries into technically and commercially specified quotations Advising on leadtimes, materials, tooling and costings in accordance with best practice. Developing new business with both existing and new clients. Person Ideally qualified to HNC/HND in a mechanical engineering discipline, you will have proposals / internal sales experience within the mechanical engineering sector. Given that the role has a strong customer facing perspective, you will need excellent verbal and written communication skills and be able to provide technical advice on product selection. You will also need to have good organisational and projects skills together with a commercial awareness of margins and costs. Company Our client is a leading manufacturer of precision components and assemblies. Kensington Consulting is a leading executive recruitment company specialising in engineering and manufacturing disciplines across all industrial sectors, resulting in consecutive Jobsite Recruit Rank awards in (**** 2010, 2011 2012). To find out more about Kensington Consulting, click on our logo on the left hand side of this page. To apply for the position of Technical Sales Engineer, please click the Apply Now Button. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesEngineer_job****	Lancashire North West	Lancashire		permanent	Kensington Consulting	Engineering Jobs	Up to 35,000 per annum	35000	totaljobs.com	0
241500	72677142	Pupil Specific Midday Supervisor Assistant (MSA)	Headteacher: Mrs H Ware **** Pupil Specific MSA to assist a child with additional needs **** per hour Tuesday  Friday 12.0513.20pm 5 hours, Term time only To start as soon as possible Can you support and encourage a child with special needs? We can offer a warm, friendly environment, an enthusiastic, well established team, a supportive atmosphere and lots of lovely children. Please apply via the button below. Support staff application forms are available from the school office or from the Norfolk Schools Vacancies website. Two references will be needed. Closing date: 15 February 2013. Pupil Specific Posts are linked to funding for a specific child and the post will cease if the child leaves the school or the funding ceases. Great Ellingham Primary School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be required to provide references and undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Disclosure. We welcome applications from members of minority ethnic communities and those with disabilities.	Norfolk	Norfolk	part_time	permanent	GREAT ELLINGHAM PRIMARY SCHOOL	Teaching Jobs	6.29 per hour	12076	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
20139	67151542	Registered Nurse, Paediatrics (London)  London	HCL`s client, a private hospital in London, is looking for a number of Paediatric Staff Nurses. The hospital has ****1 beds across **** wards. Salary: **** to **** per annum (based on experience) You`ll be responsible for providing exceptional standards of nursing care to children receiving surgical and medical treatments of the general paediatric ward. The hospital is looking for RSCN/ RGN/ RCN qualified nurses with a good level of postregistration experience. Ideally you will be a positive and committed individual, passionate about improving your patients` experiences and delivering consistently exceptional customer service. Requirements:  NMC registered  1 year of paediatrics experience  Mentorship desirable To apply email your CV to apply.a****lfw4l****evchclpermanent.aptrack.co or call Brian Christie on **** **** **** extension ****	London	London	full_time		HCL Permanent	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	31,400 - 35,400/Year	33400	staffnurse.com	0
188914	71705403	Site Manager RoleOrkney	I am currently looking for a site manager to be responsible for my clients existing power plant and marine operations. The role will involve making sure installations run safely and to take steps to ensure maximum uptime. You will have the skills to operate energy production units and must have contract management experience. You will be responsible for • Ensuring that all operations are planned for and carried out safely and must be able to live and articulate the Health and Safety ethos of my clients Power to the Operations staff, Project teams and subcontractors • Ensure the Permit to Work System works effectively for all relevant activities • Responsible for establishing an operating philosophy for my clients Power and for leading / drafting of operational strategies and procedures associated with a hydroelectric power plant. • Responsible for all maintenance activities, both planned and unplanned for onshore operations. This may include construction and fabrication activities above the usual maintenance regime. • Ensuring that all operations are planned for and carried out safely following appropriate risk assessments • Responsible for the detailed commissioning, operational and maintenance planning for each installation within constraints such as time, cost and agreed safety/quality standards. This will include resource requirements, budget setting, spare part supplies, warehouse management, local fabrication for construction activities and control of the associated documentation. • Responsible for arranging maintenance & operational routines and contracts for product improvement and technology development. Must be able to work closely and direct contractors, negotiate scopes and settlements, and manage contracts, for instance, Power Purchase agreements. • Responsible for the execution of offshore construction activities, involving coordinating offshore personnel and ensuring that equipment is available Candidates must have, •Significant working experience, ideally in an operational role. •Experience of high voltage electrical switching and marine construction operations would be an advantage •Good communicator and commercially aware •Commissioning experience clearly beneficial •Contract management experience is essential, PPA / grid connection agreement experience beneficial •Graduate Engineer beneficial but not essential, preferably electrical •Able to establish and manage relationships with third parties and the local community. Salary Expectations ******** plus exceptional benefits, If you have would like to apply then please send your details across to me or call me on [blocked] Sthree UK is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	Orkney Orkney Islands Scotland	UK			Huxley Associates	Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	45000 -55000 per annum	50000	gojobsearch.co.uk	1
135655	70292669	Assistant ManagerBracknell	Assistant ManagerLeisure and Hospitality Bracknell ****k Assistant Managerk bonus and extensive benefits package including discounted holidays Our Client is a leading entertainment organisation in the UK that are home to major brands that include the biggest and most successful entertainment complexes in the UK. With excellent trading in the current climate and significant investment in their teams, this could not be a better time to join We are looking for a strong leader with hands on experience, superior service standards and experience of driving sales alongside managing others and supporting senior management. The ideal candidate: Leisure/Hospitality Management experience Organised with good administrations IT and cash handling Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Commercially aware Business Savvy Key responsibilities: Lead and motivate a team Support sales and service and drive revenue Managing shifts and rotas Stock control and ordering Financial management and cash handling PandL knowledge Paperwork and administration Designing, delivering and measuring success of marketing promotions Health and safety and general housekeeping You will support the General Manager in all aspects of the business and be highly visible within the centre ensuring that all standards including service delivery and operations are met or exceeded. The Package: Market leading salary Excelent Bond Discounts of up to 50% on holidays The position will involve working to a shift pattern that will include evenings and weekends. There are structured plans in place to develop your career into more senior management positions. Call Jodie now on **** **** **** or E mail your CV to jodie[at]rthree.co.uk Experts in Retail Recruitment. Www.rthree.co.uk R****  Think outside the cube Please note: R**** Retail appreciates the time and effort involved in searching for a new role and as a result Endeavour to respond to each application individually, however due to the large volume of responses this is not always possible. Should you have not had a response within 7 days of your application please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion, however please continue to review our website for new opportunities.	Bracknell, Berkshire, UK, Berkshire	Bracknell			R3 Resourcing	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	18000 - 18000 + Excellent Package	18000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
177365	71528424	Banqueting Supervisor	A great opportunity has arisen for a Banqueting Supervisor in this high profile contract, which is in the Heart of the West End of London. We are looking for someone with traditional Wedding and event experience. You will be tasked with helping us deliver outstanding service to high profile dignitaries and guests. The role with involve the management of a range of events, and an eye for detail is essential. The ideal candidate would have a minimum of 1 Years experience in this area, combined with a passion for good food and service. You must be flexible, confident, dynamic, an understanding of cost control, food safety and health and safety. Working hours are as required, principally Monday – Friday with some weekends. The Banqueting Supervisor role also offers great potential for development, as CH Co strongly believe that good food starts with good people. Other skills required : Computer skills in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook Financial awareness Technical skills for all function types Good communication skills Ability to converse in English for written and verbal communications Ability to write concisely and able to follow specifications As a leading company who focuses on people, this is a great opportunity to start working in this environment and who invests in the development of all its employees. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/BanquetingSupervisor_job****	South West London London South East	East Sheen			Ampersand c/o CH&Co Catering Limited	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	17,000 per annum	17000	caterer.com	0
125399	69991998	Internal Sales Manager (German Speaking)  IT Security Solutions	Internal Sales Manager (German Speaking) – IT Security Solutions ****k Base, ****k OTE plus Generous Benefits Dublin Our award winning client is arguably the global leader in proving IT Security, Information Risk and Compliance and Storage Solutions direct to consumers and organisations of every size. Through innovation and technical strength, our client has developed and enviable client base, which includes many of the worlds leading companies, where they protect information and systems at the very highest of levels. Due to ongoing growth and their commitment to existing users, they now have an immediate need for a German Speaking Renewals Sales Manager to lead a Dublin based team. As a German Speaking Renewals Sales Manager, you will lead a team of internally based sales professionals who handle account renewals and retentions across a large EMEA territory. This leadership role will cover all aspects of sales management from coaching and development through to KPI and target setting. The successful candidate will also have direct client contact and will lead from the front in a Player/manager type role. Contact Certus Sales Recruitment for further information on this global leader and their exciting openings. The ideal candidate will be a fluent German speaker and possess a minimum of **** year’s sales management experience. Preference will be given to those have had previous renewals or retention sales experience or those that have led technology focussed sales teams. You will have excellent communication skills, a broad technical understanding, high levels of self motivation and excellent time management skills as you will be juggling various leadership tasks at any one time. The successful candidate can expect a basic salary of ****k, with an uncapped OTE of ****k in the first year plus additional and generous benefits. Certus is an established and experienced specialist sales recruitment and marketing recruitment consultancy, providing sales and marketing recruitment services to the business to business marketplace throughout the UK. We are experts in the recruitment of internal and external (field sales) sales professionals from Graduate Sales Trainee through to Sales Manager and Sales Director levels. With specialist Sales divisions covering: Commercial Sales, FMCG, Information, Financial, Medical and Pharmaceutical, IT/Technology (Software, Hardware, Telco and Services), Media, Rec****Rec and a Marketing division covering everything from Marketing Executives through to PR Managers and Marketing Director level positions; we are well positioned to deliver cost effective recruitment solutions in a timely manner. To find out more about Certus, please visit http://www.certussales.com and http://www.certusmarketing.com Like our Facebook and LinkedIn pages to follow all the latest vacancies and news from within Certus and around the industry. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalSalesManagerGermanSpeakingITSecuritySolutions_job****	Dublin, County Dublin County Dublin Leinster	UK		permanent	Certus Sales	Sales Jobs	50k Base, 70k OTE plus Generous Benefits	60000	totaljobs.com	1
48598	68608791	Vehicle Technician, Huddersfield, Motor Trade Job	Automotive, Motor Trade Job: Vehicle Technician required in Huddersfield. Salary **** Basic, OTE **** Per Annum Term: Full Time, Permanent Motor Trade Jobs / Automotive Vacancies: Experienced Technician Wanted For Busy Main Dealer in Huddersfield My Client is a busy Main Dealer, currently looking to recruit an experienced Technician to join their busy Service Department. You will be required to carry out vehicle repairs, diagnose faults, ensuring that all work is carried out to the highest standards. You will be expected to carry out all work efficiently and rapidly, whilst looking to make sure that the customer's costs are kept to a minimum. My client is only looking for fully qualified and experienced candidates to join their team, with Main Dealer experience considered a significant advantage. You must live near, or be able to travel to the Huddersfield area and be fully qualified as an Automotive Technician. My client is offering an excellent salary and generous holiday allowance. To apply please send your CV to Jamie Clarkson quoting J**** Technician, Huddersfield Motor Trade experience is essential. Please remember to add your home phone number, mobile number, email address and full address to your CV. If this information is missing it slows down our process and may result in us not being able to contact you. Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** (and amendments). Copyright  Perfect Placement UK Limited 2013. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited's prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions. Please contact our office on **** **** **** if you wish to discuss this copyright.	Huddersfield	Huddersfield			Perfect Placement	Trade & Construction Jobs	20000 - 23000 per annum	21500	MyUkJobs	0
42054	68412051	Customer service advisor	Customer service advisor needed in Macclesfield paying ****ph ref **** Position is within a busy contact center. Although most of the work is administrative there are some phone enquiries so excellent customer service as well as excellent literacy skills are required. Please email your CV to quoting the above reference number so we can locate the job ok. You can also follow us at twitter/facebook or via our website essentialemploy / www.essentialemploy.co.uk	Macclesfield	Macclesfield	full_time			Admin Jobs	6.50 per hour	12480	Jobcentre Plus	0
197271	71838411	Accounts Payable Clerk	My client a leading Multi Site retail business are looking for an Accounts payable clerk to join their regional finance team based in a small regional office in Luton. Day to Day responsibilities include:  Processing High Volumes of invoices to supplier Accounts.  Reconciliation of Supplier accounts on a weekly/monthly basis.  Preparation of payment runs.  Handling and resolution of disputed invoices. If you feel the Accounts Payable Clerk role is of interest to you and you are available immediately, then please apply online with your up to date CV and one of our consultants will be in touch to discuss this opportunity in more detail. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for the Accounts Payable Clerk position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website [contact details removed] We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.	Bedfordshire	Bedfordshire	full_time	contract	CMC Consulting	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 9 to 12.50 per hour	20640	GAAPweb	0
116869	69794976	Telesales Part Time	Telesales Part Time **** plus commissionWANT TO JOIN AN EXPANDING, DYNAMIC AND SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS EARN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE PACKAGE AND WORK TOWARDS ACHEIVABLE BONUS'S, MONTHLY COMMISSIONS AND SPOT PRIZE INCENTIVES?READ ON FOR FULL DETAILS Our client is a rapidly expanding company based in Doncaster The business has a 'can do will do attitude' and the successful candidate must have an excellent attitude towards sales, and developing business via the telephone. The Key duties of the role will be: Outgoing telephone calls to build up own Account base. Processing sales enquiries Confirming client orders. Monitoring and chasing orders, providing excellent after sales care Sending out fax flyers, mailers and other direct marketing packs Dealing with incoming telephone calls. The Key skills required: Existing Cold Calling experience is essential. Good organisational skills IT Knowledge. This is an exciting, brand new opportunity in a new division of the organisation and should not be missed; apply today to avoid missing out WORKING HOURS  MONFRIDAY 9AM1.30PM or **** FULL DAYS A WEEK APPLY NOW NOT TO MISS OUT	South Yorkshire - Doncaster	Doncaster	part_time	permanent	CVbrowser	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	14000	14000	cvbrowser.com	0
166185	71296300	Sales and Marketing Manager  Global Organisation	Position  Business Development Executive / Sales re currently awaiting full details of the job specification so if you are interested in hearing more please send your details through to me You You ll have a strong background within Sales and Marketing / Business Development in the defence sector and MUST have experience of selling at least one of the following within both the UK and abroad ECM Electronic Warfare ESM Military Communications Radar RF This is an excellent opportunity to make your mark within a growing organisation so to find out further details please contact me ASAP  or (Apply online only) View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position	England, UK	UK		permanent	JAM Recruitment Ltd	Other/General Jobs	60000 - 80000/annum Bonus + Car	70000	cv-library.co.uk	1
239043	72627154	Technical Service Desk Analyst	A 1st/2nd line support engineer providing support to external customers on a remote basis is required to join this IT Services company based in Central London. The 1st/2nd Line engineer will be liaising with a variety of clients in a busy and pressurised environment. The company has over **** clients and revenues of 20 million. They are looking for someone to join this fast paced company who has a cando attitude and is looking for a new challenge. 1st/2nd line Technical Service Engineer  Central London  IT Consultancy  ****  ****  Benefits An Amzing opportunity for those looking to progress their career A 1st/2nd line support engineer providing support to external customers on a remote basis is required to join this IT Services company based in Central London. The 1st/2nd Line engineer will be liaising with a variety of clients in a busy and pressurised environment. The company has over **** clients and revenues of 20 million. They are looking for someone to join this fast paced company who has a cando attitude and is looking for a new challenge. The 1st/2nd Line engineer will be able to demonstrate strong support skills across a variety of technologies including Microsoft, VMware, Hyper V and/or Citrix. You will be responsible for providing 1st/2nd line support services on a remote service desk and be expected to work to SLA&x2019 s and deadlines. The Service Desk is the front line of the business and it is imperative that you work as a close knit team to provide excellent service. Essential Skills: &x2022 Previous Service Desk experience and be able to demonstrate a good understanding of helpdesk requirements (Banking advantageous) &x2022 Previous customer service experience within Managed Services environment. &x2022 Proven IT experience gained in a support role &x2022 ITIL Foundation certificate &x2022 Good knowledge with the Microsoft Windows platform including Windows XP, MS Exchange Server and MS Office (Excel, Word, Powerpoint & Outlook) &x2022 Good understanding of Citrix Metaframe XP is highly beneficial &x2022 Good knowledge of LAN/WAN, Client Server and other network applications. Education / Qualifications &x2022 MS Office including Ms Access Databases (MOUS) (Essential) &x2022 MCP/MCITP (Essential) &x2022 ITIL Foundation (v2 or v****) (Desirable) &x2022 HDI Help Desk Analyst qualification (Preferable) &x2022 MCSE / CCNA (Desirable) &x2022 A/N/MCDST (Desirable) This role is a great opportunity to get involved in a business which is growing and develop your career in an exciting and ever changing environment. To apply for this role please apply to kristyljustit.co.uk or call on **** **** **** Please ensure your CV clearly states your skills and experience to give yourself the best chance of securing an interview. Key Skills: Windows, Networking, MS Office, MCITP, MCSE, MCSA, ITIL, MSP, IT Services, LAN/WAN, Server **** Server ****	UK City of London	The City		permanent	Just IT Recruitment	IT Jobs	21000 - 25000 per annum + Extras and Benefits	23000	careers4a.com	0
146355	70732061	CNET Developer ****k  EC	Mid/Senior (C) Developer  (C, ASP.NET, SQL and JavaScript) Central London Mid/Senior (C) Developer  (C, ASP.NET, SQL and JavaScript) is needed of my leading client, a top platform development organisation urgently seeks a handson Mid/Senior (C) Developer  (C, ASP.NET, SQL and JavaScript) to work in the experienced but small .Net development team based in Central London. The chosen candidate will be working on online advertising platform and brokerage in the lead generation sector. You will be developing our online lead generation platform using C .Net framework (****), ASP.Net and SQL **** As the technical team is small you will be involved in all aspects of the development and maintenance of the web application, databases, web services and web server. Key skills  C  ASP.NET  SQL 2005/****  TSQL  JavaScript / JQuery / HTML / CSS  Web services  WCF  OO Salary: ****  **** Location: Central London Role Type: Permanent The successful Mid/Senior (C) Developer  (C, ASP.NET, SQL and JavaScript) will join the development team in maintaining the existing platform. In addition to this you will be developing, testing, implementing and maintaining the next version of the platform, suggesting improvements to the existing system, providing estimations to assist with project planning and follow coding standards set by the Technical Lead. If you are looking for a new C, ASP.NET challenge and are looking for a market leading company in there sector with excellent career progression opportunities and expanding your knowledge and experience, send in your CV now and call Nick Bray on **** **** **** ASP.Net, C, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, TSQL  SQL Server 2005/**** ASP.Net, C, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, TSQL  SQL Server 2005/**** To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com 	City of london London Greater London	London		permanent		IT Jobs	60000	60000	technojobs.co.uk	1
42539	68446847	Deputy Manager RGN/RMN Wincanton ****k p/a	Job reference  REF: LDH**** Title – Deputy Manager Job Type  Permanent Job Status – Full Time Salary  **** per annum Qualification  RGN/RMN Location  Wincanton, Somerset Client – Elderly Care/Dementia Contact – Email  Tel – **** **** Role  SYK Recruitment Specialists are looking for a Deputy Manager to join a small care home in Wincanton, Somerset. You must be RGN or RMN qualified and have previous experience working in an elderly care home at a senior level We would like to receive applications from ambitious and highly motivated nurses that are looking for an opportunity to work at Deputy Manager level in a care home environment. You must have outstanding communication skills and the ability to motivate a team of nurses. You must also have excellent leadership skills and a strong personality. My client is offering a salary of **** per annum and this is a full time, permanent role. Please note that my client will be conducting interviews as soon as possible so if you are interested, please submit your CV. For further details please contact Lee Hutchinson at SYK Recruitment Specialists on **** **** or apply via this advert.	Wincanton	Wincanton	full_time		SYK Recruitment Specialists	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	32,000.00 - 32,000.00 per year	32000	Jobcentre Plus	0
57934	68686800	System Administrator	Systems Administrator, Pharmaceuticals, Camberley area  Salary upto **** **** pa.  benefits My client is an international specialist healthcare group who develop products for cancer, critical care and other disorders. A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Systems Administrator reporting into the IT Manager. This role will suit anyone with an IT degree or diploma and certification in Microsoft Operating Systems and Cisco. The role: The System Administrator's role is to ensure proper function and operation of the inhouse computer server systems, hardware software and network functions. This includes planning, developing, installing, configuring, maintaining, supporting and optimising all hardware, software and communication links within the network, and providing problem resolution involving the use of diagnostic tools and tracking procedures in support of individual technical knowledge and experience. Principal Responsibilities 1.Manage the integrity of all inhouse servers, operating systems and their corresponding or associated software. 2.Manage communications and connection solutions including local area networks, intranet and internet applications. ****Deploy and maintain network computer security and cryptography systems, and all host security activities in collaboration with the global group. ****Document all pertinent activities, decisions and actions in response to assistance requests, audit results and project activities. ****Rehearse and implement the business recovery plan for operating systems, databases, network, servers and software applications where appropriate. ****Provide oncall technical support, and out of hours scheduled maintenance and system improvements as required to reduce business impact to product, and global stakeholders. 7.Performing audits to identify trends and assess need for system reconfigurations (minor or significant) to create synergies with other sites where appropriate. 8.Interact and negotiate with vendors, outsourcers, and contractors to secure software products and services. ****Develop, implement and maintain policies, procedure and associated training plans for system administration and appropriate use. ****Practice network asset management, network security audits, monitor system backups and other critical systems including maintenance of network component inventory, related documentation and technical specifications information. ****Train in and pass internal and external examinations appropriately aligned with quality, regulatory, EHS, legal and other global, national and international governance (policy and procedures). Education and Experience 1.College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science plus relevant work experience or extensive equivalent work experience. 2.Experience of working in the Pharmaceutical or similarly regulated industry. ****Certifications in Microsoft Operating Systems (MCITP) and Cisco (CCNA). ****Working technical knowledge of MS networked environment, including MS Windows 2008, MS Exchange Server ****/**** Windows 7 and SharePoint 2010, SQL 2008. ****Extensive application support experience with MS Office **** / **** ****Working technical knowledge of current network hardware, protocols, and standards in a global VLAN environment. 7.Handson hardware troubleshooting experience required. 8.Working knowledge of VMware environment is essential, VCP qualification. ****ITIL / ISO27001 Experience. Skills and Attributes 1.Excellent technical ability and strong written and oral communication skills. 2.Highly selfmotivated and directed selfstarter with a hands on, pragmatic approach, a cando attitude and strong customer service orientation. 1.Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to champion ideas at a senior level in userfriendly language. 2.Proven analytical and problemsolving abilities and a keen attention to detail. ****Ability to effectively prioritise and execute tasks in a highpressure environment. ****Experience of working in a teamdistributed, collaborative environment. ****Ability to manage and prioritise work load, multitask and manage a diverse mix of issues, responsibilities and challenges. ****Exceptional ethical standards including the ability to be very discreet in the handling of confidential and privileged information. Spring Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Spring Group plc is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Posting Time This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SystemAdministrator_job****	Camberley Surrey South East	Camberley		permanent	Spring Personnel	IT Jobs	25000.00 - 36000.00 per annum	30500	totaljobs.com	0
128269	70086719	Deputy Nursing Home Manager	Deputy Home Manager  Registered Nurse (RGN/RMN/RNLD)  **** West Sussex Are you a qualified registered nurse, in West Sussex, with experience working in a nursing home setting for elderly residents suffering dementia, EMI and also dealing with aspects of palliative care. My Client, one of the leading care companies in the UK are currently recruiting. There is an opening for an experienced general nurse, competent in dealing with elderly residents. They pride themselves on providing a outstanding level of care, so are looking for a passionate, hardworking and committed nurse to join their team. As a reward for your hard work  they are offering a competitive salary and a chance to train with a designated learning and development team  who have renowned programmes allowing you to specialise in your area of interest. You will be responsible for: Smooth running of the home Dealing with care plans, and assessments Positive marketing of the home and maintaining and budget Lead Care Assistants and Team Leaders Supervise and conduct all nursing duties in a professional manner and in accordance with the NMC code of conduct Providing and delivering the highest standard of care to the elderly residents Build strong relationships with employees, residents and family members Comply with legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered The ideal candidate will have/be: A qualified registered nurse, with current NMC registration A flexible attitude and wholly adopt a person centred ethos Be up to date with current practices Experience working in a similar environment, nursing homes, dementia care For full job description, or to discuss the role further please call Steve Davis Cassells on **** **** **** or send your CV to s.cassellsliquidpersonnel.com	West Sussex, West Sussex	West Sussex				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	28000 to 32000 per year	30000	careworx.co.uk	0
137487	70410145	Residential Support Worker	Children s residential support workers required for a variety of locations across the West Midlands and Coventry areas. Previous experience of working with children/young people in a residential setting is essential, as is a proven background supporting adolescents/young people with disabilities, complex needs and/or challenging behaviour is desirable. NVQ Level 3, Caring for children and young people, NVQ Level 3 in health and social care or equivalent is essential, as is a flexible approach to working as you will be required to work different shift patterns and undertake personal care duties. Interested? Please forward your CV for consideration or call (Apply online only) for further information	West Midlands	West Midlands		permanent	Brookstreet UK	Social work Jobs	12844 - 17784/annum	15314	cv-library.co.uk	0
154541	71014342	ULR Motor Claims Hander	ULR Claims Handler  My client is an award winning international law firm who has a great reputation within the Personal Injury industry. They are currently looking to recruit a ULR Claims Handler into their Motor Claims Solutions team in Liverpool, who will oversee the work of less experienced members of the ULR claims handling team. The ideal ULR Claims Handler will have previous experience of handling a caseload of prelitigated and litigated ULR motor claims, and preferably some experience dealing with litigated property damage matters. The successful ULR claims handler will ideally have a minimum of 12 months ULR experience. Applications will be accepted from either a Claimant or Defendant perspective. You will be expected to have sufficient ULR claims handling knowledge to be able to act as a point of guidance for the team. Previous experience in a mentoring, training or supervisory role is essential to be successful within this litigated ULR claims handling position. This is a fantastic opportunity for a ULR Claims Handler to join a team with an enviable reputation at regional and national level, and to be a technical referral point for less experienced ULR claims handlers within the department. Salary will be dependant on experience. If you would like more information on this ULR Claims Handler opportunity please send your CV to Nadine Walker at Sacco Mann. Alternatively call Nadine at our Manchester office to discuss in more detail. All our other Paralegal opportunities can be found on our website.	Merseyside	Merseyside	full_time	permanent	Sacco Mann	Legal Jobs	From 20,000 to 25,000 per year	22500	TotallyLegal	0
125949	69994296	Customer Service Representative	A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Customer Service Representative to join a market leader in financing the design and installation of low carbon renewable energy products and specialists in Solar PV systems. Duties and Responsibilities:  Primary day to day client liaison for assigned portfolio of clients  Assist clients with any queries they have concerning their installation  Ensure all installations are completed accurately and within service levels  Build and Maintain strong with assigned clients  Resolve and Manage all client installation issues Skills and Experience:  Ability to work under pressure, handle multiple priorities and work as part of a team, as well as the ability to work independently.  High Personal motivation levels able to work to tight deadlines  Excellent English written and verbal skills.  Ability to converse comprehensively with clients and internal departments This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerServiceRepresentative_job****	Solihull West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		permanent	Recruitment Genius	Customer Services Jobs	12500 - 17500 per annum	15000	totaljobs.com	0
147894	70759111	Tooling Technician / Toolmaker	Job Overview: Our client has retained our services to assist them in appointing an experienced Tooling Technician / Engineer. As Tooling Technician you will be responsible for stripping, cleaning, re build, maintenance, repair and modification of injection mould tools. The ideal candidate will be a qualified, apprentice trained Toolmaker / Tooling Engineer and have a wealth of tooling experience working within the injection moulding manufacturing environment. This is an exciting role to join a reputable company where you will receive stability, a competitive salary and the ability to develop your skills further. This will working a continental shift pattern (**** hour shifts) You must be a team player and have excellent communication skills. This position is an excellent opportunity for the right person. Key Words: Tooling Engineer , Toolmaker, Tool maker, Tooling Technician , Tooling, Complete and develop all relevant documentation including SOP s, tool maintenance sheets and TPM records. Record all work activities within FRONTLINE. To carry out TPM,s and repair of all onsite LPIC, LPE, foam in place and injection moulding tools. Strip, clean and check IMM, LPE, LPIC and punch tools. Review, advise and implement replacement / repairs on tools. Maintain tool items and essential spares. Improve and maintain TPM,s on all tools. Support production facility. Handle tools within HSE regulations. Work with and support tool maintenance team members. Capable in word and excel. Basic injection moulding fault finding. Basic welding and electrical testing skills. Note: Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK LawsonKeys  2011 Recruitment Sponsor to PRW Technical Engineering Plastics LawsonKeys Ltd are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In compliance with the new regulations (April ****) in place under the Employment Agencies Act, LawsonKeys Ltd will require proof of identification. A current copy of a passport, driving licence, ID card or NI card will be required as part of the registration process. Email and faxed copies are acceptable . LawsonKeys has been designed to project manage the mechanics of all aspects concerning the recruitment processes, implementing a simple and succinct method for targeting and introducing bona fide and skilled candidates to reputable clients and potential employers. If this advertised position does not interest you, please consider our other opportunities by sending your updated CV outlining your achievements and your personal requisites, ie salary, location, job roles	W midlands, Worcestershire, Bromsgrove, Worcester, Solihu	UK		permanent	Lawson Keys Limited	Other/General Jobs	32000 - 35500/annum To be discussed at interview	33750	cv-library.co.uk	0
110868	69679531	Youth Work Team Leader	As an experienced JNC qualified youth worker you will lead and performance manage a youth work team to plan, deliver and evaluate, creative, innovative and focused curriculum based youth work across the borough. You will be responsible for the delivery of high quality informal educational programmes with clear learning outcomes. You will need to establish positive relationships with diverse groups of young people and partners, responding flexibly to the needs of young people and the Service. Good ICT, organisation and communication skills are essential as is the ability to meet targets, produce reports and correspond with young people, parents and partners. You will need to be flexible in your approach including being available to work for substantial periods during school holidays and **** evenings a week including a Friday or Saturday during term times. If you have any questions please contact Mary Walsh on **** 454060, mary.walshhertfordshire.gov.uk or Peter Hosier on **** **** peter.hosierhertfordshire.gov.uk. For an application pack please contact Ebony Lewinton on **** **** ebony.lewintonhertfordshire.gov.uk for an application pack quoting ref C****JB. Closing date is Wednesday 23rd January 2013. Interview date is Friday 1st February 2013.	Hertfordshire	Hertfordshire	full_time	permanent	HERTFORDSHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL	Teaching Jobs	33,726 - 36,377 (JNC 27-30)	35051	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
38366	68306007	Dental Nurse  Edinburgh	Hays is working with the Ministry of Defence (MoD) to recruit experienced Dental Nurse to work at Dental Centre Redford Barracks, Edinburgh. Dates: 19.01.2013 – 19.05.2013 Hours: **** /week The position involves: Assisting the Dental Officer during routine and emergency treatment Maintenance of the surgery (including preparation/sterilisation of all instruments before and after patients) Use of Infection Prevention and Control (IPC) protocols Administrative duties (making patient appointments, monitoring bookings on the IT system, answering the phones, document handling) You must be fully registered with GDC and have the National Examining Board for Dental Nurses (NEBDN) Certificate or NVQ in Oral Health Care Dental Nursing Level 3. Previous experience in a similar role and be eligible to work in the UK is essential. MoD Experience would be an advantage. Working with Hays you will gain the following benefits: • **** CPD on annual accrual basis • **** referral bonus • Free manual handling • Free CRB • Entry into quarterly draw with an 'experience prize' to value of **** To find out more about this job or any other specialist nursing job opportunities within the MoD please contact Agne on **** **** **** or email Hays EA is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Edinburgh	Edinburgh	full_time		Hays Healthcare	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	10.00 - 12.50/Hour	21600	staffnurse.com	0
50761	68633700	Aftersales Manager  Franchised Motor Dealership	Our client, part of a highly respected dealer group, is now looking to recruit an experienced Aftersales Manager to lead their Service and Parts departments.Current / very recent experience of working as an Aftersales Manager in a Franchised Motor Dealer is essential, along with a proven track record within the role.The role will include:Achievement of all budgets and targetsControl and motivation of all service and parts department staffWorking closely with other line managersDealing with the manufacturer and customersA technical background is key, along with the desire to exceed expectations and succeedThe remuneration will include basic salary (****k) and bonus (****k OTE), along with a company car and benefits.Successful candidates will be contacted within **** working days of CV receipt.	City of London - London	The City	full_time	permanent	CVbrowser	Sales Jobs	35000 - 55000	45000	cvbrowser.com	1
62517	68700932	Senior Estimator	A fantastic new opportunity has arisen for a Senior Estimator to join one of the countries leading blue chip building Contractors. An award winning business with an enviable reputation, they are able to offer a talented individual the platform on which to progress their career to the next level and to make a real difference. Working from the companies regional head office in Manchester, you will report to the PreConstruction Director. You will be responsible for leading major bids across a variety of sectors including education, health, commercial and industrial, and as such must possess the following skills:  Main Contractor background  Pricing of jobs between 4m and 30m  Use of Conquest estimating software preferred  Excellent man management and people skills  Knowledge of all procurement routes, particularly D B  Knowledge of JCT and NEC form of contracts  Possess the will to win and the drive to succeed This is an ideal opportunity for a Senior Estimator who has a genuine desire to progress their career into a managerial role. In return you will receive a highly attractive salary and benefits package in keeping with a Senior level position with one of the key players in the industry.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorEstimator_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		permanent	Fusion People	Trade & Construction Jobs	50000.00 - 60000.00 per annum + Car/ allowance + pension + health	55000	totaljobs.com	1
83216	69044802	Data Analyst  PL/SQL  Oracle  TOAD	My client is a bright and vibrant young company that grown considerably over the past year to become one of the leading players in their field. Their core system is used by thousands of businesses and members of the public on a daily basis, and they expect this to rise to the millions in the next six months. They have seen through this record growth without compromising on quality or culture  their office is an eccentric mix of modern art and funky entertainment that will make it a pleasure to come to the office everday. They are currently on the lookout for a data analyst to report on, manipulate and formalise their large datasets. Their records hold millions of pieces of information, so a good understanding of technology, in particular Oracle SQL is needed. Exposure to Dataflux would be highly desirable. More than this, you will need to be an excellent communicator, with both technical and nontechnical staff, and a wholehearted team player. A fast learner, you will be expected to contribute fresh ideas, challenge the norm and champion positive change. An upbeat, proactive attitude and strong sense of humour will also serve you well. In return you will be rewarded with a top starting salary up to **** and benefits that include a yearly bonus, equity options, pension, iPad (or Google equivalent) and free drinks. To find out more please call Abbas on **** **** **** or apply now for immediate consideration. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DataAnalystPLSQLOracleTOAD_job****	City London South East	London		permanent	Aston Carter	IT Jobs	40000 - 55000 per annum + Bonus, Pension, Benefits, Equity	47500	cwjobs.co.uk	1
84768	69079128	Manual Grinder	Our client is an established, successful, engineering company based in Central Southampton. The company manufactures components for the Aerospace Industry and due to expansion they are looking to appoint a further machinist to join their existing team as a Manual Grinder. Duties will include setting and operating cylindrical, centreless and surface grinding machines to grind components to tight tolerances and Operating Sunnen Manual Honing. The candidate must have experience will types of this machining. Applicants should be conscientious , well organised and self motivated, able to work with minimum supervision and used to working to tight production deadlines. The successful applicants will be able to fit in with the company s existing shift pattern which is 7.45am to 16.15pm. They offer a Pension Scheme and biAnnual Bonus Scheme. There is also up to **** hours overtime available per week. Please contact via phone or email asking for Jo	southampton, Hampshire	UK		permanent	Reed Property Construction	Engineering Jobs	11 - 13/hour plus bi-annul bonus	23040	cv-library.co.uk	0
37828	68294241	Warehouse Operative	Fusion Appointments urgently require a Warehouse Operative for our fantastic client based in Epsom paying	Surrey - Epsom	Epsom	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Retail Jobs	15000 - 16000	15500	ukstaffsearch.com	0
40247	68359894	Project Manager	CB/HQ****  Project Manager  Fixed Term Contract  12 months  **** Our client, based near Euston in North West London has a requirement for a Project Manager to join their Strategic Development Department. The successful candidate will be accountable for:  The successful delivery of nominated projects, ensuring the projects remain on track and to budget  project budgets of 8.6m capital and **** revenue  Recommending improvements to the clients project management methodology and promoting its use in the organisation  Providing 'hands on' project management support to the Strategic Team as required.  Mentoring and coaching other Project Managers  Undertaking Project Initiation Reviews, End of Project Reviews, Post Implementation Reviews, Project Audits and Gateway Reviews Essential criteria:  Educated to degree level or equivalent experience  Experience of leading and implementing projects/programmes and developing organisational structures and systems that lead to increased organisational effectiveness  Ability to work with little supervision, setting own priorities based on personal and team objectives  Experience of working on all stages of the development lifecycle, with the ability to facilitate, create and oversee large complex plans, including delivery of complex projects  Ability to form working relationships with individuals at all levels of the organisation and the ability to persuade and influence others to promote the use of project management disciplines PLEASE NOTE: because of the sensitive nature of the client's business, all candidates MUST hold UK or EU passports or have Indefinite Leave to Remain status and MUST have lived and worked in the UK continuously for the last 5 years. Interested? Please forward a copy of your latest CV with an indication of your current availability. TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProjectManager_job****	North West London London South East	London		permanent	TLP Consultancy Ltd.	IT Jobs	37000 per annum	37000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
156821	71098352	GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE	GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE Sector: Safety Equipment Location: North West Salary: **** Basic salary plus bonuses and Company Car Leading provider of safety productsMulti Million pound turnoverWidely recognised brandsFace to face client visitsExtensive product trainingThe Role: As a graduate sales executive you will be responsible for developing an existing account base of clients and generating relationships with managers and contractors. As a sales professional you will make face to face client visits into a wide variety of industries in order to promote the company's extensive range of bespoke safety equipment. You will need to have a consultative nature in order to advise on products for specific requirements. The Company: With an innovative and dynamic product range of safety equipment, this multi million pound organisation is rapidly expanding their UK base in order to incorporate a wide variety of different industries. Responsibilities will include: Account managementFace to face client visitsDeveloping relationships at a managerial levelFor this Graduate Sales Executive position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria: Educated to degree levelSome interest in the technical market is advantageous but not essentialMinimum of 6 months commercial experienceExcellent communication skillsEligible to live and work in the UKThe Package for this Graduate Sales role: **** Basic salary plus bonusCompany CarLaptopMobileAbout BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: We focus on helping future sales professionals to find graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales jobs. We specialise in graduate assessment, placement and sales training. Established in 1990, we've developed a strong brand, synonymous with graduate sales recruitment and sales training. We work with a prestigious client base of global companies and provide them with a range of services to ensure they attract, retain and develop the best graduate talent in the UK. Please visit our website at N/A or call Sharon Wright (Graduate Manager) on N/A to discuss your job search.	UK	UK	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	Trade & Construction Jobs	0-29999	14999	london4jobs.co.uk	0
164556	71275588	Catering Manager	Catering Manager  Garden Centre  Near Havant  **** Our client, situated near Havant, it is an **** acre site offering all you would expect from a traditional garden centre plus that little bit extra. The cafe/restaurant is open 7 days a week and serves a selection of hot and cold food and snacks throughout the day. We are looking for a Catering Manager to take control of our catering team. You will be responsible for a large self service restaurant, ensuring that all food is prepared and served in a timely and efficient manner. You will be managing a team of approximately **** people but this number may increase over time. This role is a very hands on role and you will be expected to get involved in all aspects front of house as well as behind the scenes in regard to office and admin work. You will be in control of budgets and financial procedures The successful applicant should have experience in a similar role and be used to dealing with high volume. Ideally you will hold the Intermediate Food Hygiene Certificate and you must be able to cook in case of emergency where you need to step in and help out. The ideal candidate must be flexible in their approach to work, work well as part of a team and be confident in managing a team. Salary  **** Benefits include 28 days holiday, including Bank Holidays, uniform provided and 15% discount within the group. Blue Arrow is one of the UK`s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas:  Catering and Hospitality  Secretarial and Admin  Driving  Industrial and Manufacturing  Distribution and Warehousing This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CateringManager_job****	Havant Hampshire South East	Havant			Blue Arrow   Southampton	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	17000 to 18000 per annum	17500	caterer.com	0
8044	65114876	Sales Section Leader (Sales, New Business Development, Steel) BLUS****Technical Sales (Steel, Technical, Sales, NBD) BLUS****	Technical Sales (Steel, Technical, Sales, NBD) BLUS****BradfordSalary ****  ****  Benefits Depending Upon Experience Since its establishment in **** Barrett Steel has continued to expand both organically and by acquisition. With over **** tonnes of general steel and complimentary products in stock ranging across more than 25 sites, we are one of the UK's largest independent steel stockholders. We currently have an exciting opportunity available for an ambitious, enthusiastic Technical Sales Person to help us continue to grow our already established strong portfolio of customers, building long term mutually beneficial relationships. Working with a team of five experienced sales people and reporting directly to the sites Sales Manager, you will be responsible for maintaining existing and developing new business, increasing both customer relations and profitability whilst promoting our services to their large customer base. Above all you will have good interpersonal skills as you will be dealing directly with customers both over the telephone and face to face coupled with working closely with your team and other departments within the Bradford operation. Experience within Steel Fabrication and Fabrication Drawings would be an advantage however is not essential. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.	Bradford	Bradford		permanent		Sales Jobs	20k - 25k	22500	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
56145	68681727	Account Executive  Health Comms	A world famous healthcare communications agency based in West Central London is looking for an Account Executive to join a hugely successful team. The healthcare communications operation is very niche and specialised, but is part of an international communications group with huge resource and expertise across the globe. Your function will be to organise clients’ healthcare education projects and implement agreed aspects within the constantly developing programmes across a 360 degree framework. You’ll be responsible for implementation, budget control, tactical programme development, tracking freelancers’ time on projects and undertaking research in support of the agreed programmes. We’re looking for somebody who might already work within the healthcare communications business, ideally from the MedComms side. What is vital is an understanding of what clients want, and helping them to deliver it through people in your own organisation. Your basic grounding however should include knowledge of drug categories and modes of action and the ability to explain and deliver healthcare education programmes to clients. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountExecutiveHealthComms_job****	West London London South East	East Sheen		permanent	The Bridge Consultancy	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	From 23,000 to 25,000 per annum	24000	totaljobs.com	0
14582	66743186	CARE ASSISTANT	Must be **** with full driving licence and own transport and must have excellent reading and writing skills. NVQ level 2 or **** or equivalent is preferred although training can be provided. All inhouse training will be given before work commences. Duties include shopping, light housework, assisting to appointments, providing a sitting service, full personal care and promoting independent living. Includes weekend and early morning starts. No live in positions. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by applicant. The employer has claimed an exception under the Equality Act 2010.	PORTSMOUTH, HAMPSHIRE	Portsmouth	full_time		Sisterly care Ltd	Customer Services Jobs	6.63 - 7.70 PER HOUR	13756	Jobcentre Plus	0
17311	66924602	Integration Consultant: (XML, Integration / Application Engines)	Integration Consultant: (XML, Integration / Application Engines) required to join a leading UK software vendor and undertake a crossfunctional role as an integration consultant and capturing / defining and documenting client requirements and design / build appropriate solutions / integration projects into core software offering and support of existing integration clientele. You will need a strong background with Integration software / engines, XML, business analysis skills to capture and document client s business process requirements, RDBMS and API knowledge and either a background in healthcare systems or business systems using integration engines. Any skills with technologies such as Rhapsody, Ensemble, Blue Prism with commercial or healthcare environments or Major vendor healthcare Software and integration, API, middleware, mobility software would be highly advantageous. HOT role with a market leading UK software vendor; Apply now. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role	Kent	Kent		permanent	Evolution Recruitment Solutions	IT Jobs	45000 - 49999/annum NEG	47499	cv-library.co.uk	1
143632	70623437	Norwegian Technical Support near Dublin	The client is an American corporation. It provides products, technologies, software, solutions and services to consumers, small and mediumsized businesses ( ) and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. Job duties: Log/Validate all contacts Call Handling Database Resolve customer problems using the relevant tools and systems Manage end to end all calls logged, providing regular updates to customers on call status Invoke Escalation Procedures within defined time frames To comply/complete desk specific or adhoc request/tasks Ensure Quality standards are adhered to in regards to both Cases Calls. Live documentation validation Protect confidential and sensitive information and materials Observe strict compliance to licensing, copyright and trademark legislation Proactively seek support from escalation team via. Escalate tickets to escalation team for validation and further escalation. Monitor ticket queues and handle tickets appropriately Provide support to multiple desks You will benefit from the following: Free bus shuttle to work Team activities like bowling, drinks, gocard On site gym with personal trainers Subsidized canteen Free access to Eacademy So, what we are looking for? Fluent in written and spoken Norwegian Proficient English skills Previous experience in customer service or technical support Please send your latest CV to juliusl[at]mehengroup.com or simple call Julius on **** 3019. MGI aims to build lasting relationship and to help you in advancing your career. For more information on available positions, please visit www.meghengroup.com	Belfast, Northern Irel	UK		contract	mgi recruitment	Customer Services Jobs	20000 - 24000	22000	Multilingualvacancies	0
139717	70532990	Sales Manager	Travel Sales Managers, is it time for a new challenge? Are you looking to develop and continue your career within a well respect, market leading company? Do you have the drive and focus to successfully manage an experienced team of travel consultants? If you have a solid travel background and proven travel management experience then look no further, this is the role for you This leading travel provider is looking to recruit an experience sales manager for their successful travel team in the Staffordshire area. This a fantastic opportunity not to be missed Job Description  Drive sales performance through the creation, management and review of the Sales Team  Deliver the agreed levels of service and quality at all times ensuring company targets and goals are achieved.  Consistently manage, deliver, monitor and improve KPI's.  Lead the team in a dynamic and inspirational manner.  Highlight opportunities to generate sales and increase margins  Monitoring promotions and incentives to maximise sales and motivate the sales team  Maintaining an excellent level of product knowledge and communicating this to the sales team.  Lead, develop and motivate sales team by proactively identifying and delegating development opportunities to encourage succession planning. Experienced Required The suitable candidate will have an in depth knowledge of the travel industry with a proven travel management background. Package The successful candidate will be rewarded with a great basic salary plus company benefits Interested? If you are interested in this great role please follow the link to 'apply'. For more information please call Stephanie at Travel Trade Recruitment on **** **** **** or email stephanietraveltraderecruitment.co.uk	Stoke-on-Trent	Stoke-On-Trent		permanent		Travel Jobs	20k - 25k	22500	traveljobsearch.com	0
238686	72625824	Land acquisitions Manager	My client is now hiring a Land Acquisitions Manager to cover the South West of England They are offering a very attractive Salary with a OTE ****k Plus Key responsibilities As a Land Manager you will need to have previous experience of being a Land Manager, preferably in the same area or close by, and have current local market knowledge We will offer a very competitive salary and benefit package, personal development, ongoing training and career progression. My client is now hiring a Land Acquisitions Manager to cover the South West of England They are offering a very attractive Salary with a OTE ****k Plus Key responsibilities As a Land Manager you will need to have previous experience of being a Land Manager, preferably in the same area or close by, and have current local market knowledge We will offer a very competitive salary and benefit package, personal development, ongoing training and career progression. To be considered for this role, you will need to have a proven track record as a Land Manager and enjoy going that extra mile Skills required Required to broker the sale and acquisition of residential land within the house building industry through unconditional and conditional contracts and Options which will ultimately lead to new house sales through our residential network. Experience required from a land agency or a land buying background would be preferable or other similar commercial role in the property business	UK South West England	South West England		permanent	THC Recruitment	Property Jobs	OTE 70K PLUS!!	70000	careers4a.com	1
179031	71558417	Digital Designer	Digital Designer EXCLUSIVE  HTML/CSS/UX /PHP Hampshire  ****  ****  Benefits: Up to 25 days holidays, free parking and friendly working environment. HTML, CSS, guru is sought after by TSD Specialists Ltd. to join a creative design and development company based near Winchester. Our partner specialises in web application development for the tourism industry. Our partner has a total of **** employees, but are very well established within their sector. With a diverse portfolio of clients in both the UK and mainland Europe, particularly in France where it has a second office in Chamonix, you will be getting an opportunity to join a company at an excellent time The successful candidate will join their existing UK based team and will be working under a senior developer and under the overall direction of one of the UK based directors. You will need to be highly selfmotivated, possess excellent personal and technical skills. Ideally you will have some experience with UX design and be comfortable implementing the User Interface (UI). In addition you should be selfmotivated, work well either alone or as part of a small team, and be able to take responsibility for a project from conception to launch. Ideally you should have experience developing on a LAMP architecture and have basic skills in PHP and MySQL. Job Responsibilities: You will be working on a mix of new projects, enhancements, and supporting existing client projects as well as sharing responsibility for maintenance and development of the company s own destination related sites. You will be responsible for analysing client business requirements on new and existing projects, documenting them and providing options and estimates to the client. You will be responsible for the day to day client communication for both internal and external projects. Exposure to the following skills would be ideal: HTML CSS JavaScript Jquery Joomla MySQL Graphic Design Desirable Knowledge: HTML5 Responsive Web Design Photoshop/Fireworks PHP  OO You will be expected to use the tools provided by the company to perform your daily work. These include : Active Collab (projects database), Zend Studio/Netbeans, Fireworks, and Thunderbird. Ideally you will have some experience in the development of web applications using the LAMP architecture; including skills in respect of data modelling and structured queries. It is expected that you can manage your own time for allocated tasks and report any budgetary or project issues well in advance of them occurring. You will need to be able to work on multiple projects at any one time and be able to prioritise your own work list in order to hit the overall project deadlines set by your manager. As it is a small team it is expected that you will be actively involved in promoting ideas to improve our working practices, processes and standards. Due to the rural location, you will need to have a full driving licence and access to a car. This vacancy is commutable from; Winchester, Southampton, Basingstoke, Andover, Salisbury, Kings Worthy, Newbury, Farnham, Guildford. If you are interested, please apply via the link and attach any samples of work that reflect your skills. TSD Specialists Ltd. are a technical recruitment consultancy acting EXCLUSIVELY on behalf of our client	Winchester, Hampshire	Winchester		permanent	TSD Specialists Ltd	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	25000 - 32000/annum 32,000	28500	cv-library.co.uk	0
147737	70758754	Manufacturing Development Engineer  Aerospace Composites	Manufacturing Development Engineer  Aerospace Composites ****k Isle of Wight This leading global aerospace company based on the Isle of Wight is currently seeking a Manufacturing Development Engineer to aid in the development of new and existing Aerospace production processes within both the Composite manufacture and assembly areas. Working both alone and in a team you will be developing the possible usage of new materials and processes within a wide range of applications. Key duties will be Provide Development input to technical, commercial and contract reviews within the company and with customers. Investigation and implementation of corrective actions using problem root cause analysis techniques. Provide technical support to both internal and external customers. Support Manufacturing continuous improvement plan and Lean initiative to develop improved operating processes and procedures. Provide support to other Manufacturing Engineering disciplines as and when needed. Compile technical reports, spread sheets and PowerPoint presentations on completed tasks. Identify training and development needs within the Operational departments are in line with customer demands to ensure current and future skill requirements are met and addressed through coaching, on the job training and making recommendations for formal training. When required  Supervise a team of Operators, distributing tasks appropriately, communicating with the team. Liaise with internal departments to ensure that the team is working to the correct specifications (e.g. Quality). Liaising with customers at the working level in order to meet their requirements. The ideal applicant will be qualified to a minimum of HNC and should have a sound background in Composite manufacture and assembly processes within the Aerospace Industry. You must also have the ability to develop technical solutions, compliant with requirements within agreed programmes and timescales. The ability to layup and bag complex composite components, as well as being able to assist with the assembly of composite structures is required As the role will involve dealing with customers, ideally you should also have previous customer facing experience. Strong communication and presentation skills are essential. Any knowledge of AFP, waterjet cutting, machining/processing expertise would be high advantageous. In return a salary of ****k, pension and medical cover is on offer. For more info please contact Mathew RamGopal on (Apply online only) or email an up to date copy of your CV	Isle of Wight	Isle Of Wight		permanent	Resource Group	Other/General Jobs	30000 - 35000/annum Pension, healthcare	32500	cv-library.co.uk	0
96045	69230225	Business Development Manager	Role Summary With a proven track record in Telecoms or IT managed Services direct field sales and the ability to demonstrate your success, you will be responsible for achieving and exceeding monthly sales margin targets by selling the designated range of Data, Mobility, Voice and Managed Services propositions to new and existing customers in the mid and large corporate market. You will have progressive experience working in new business sales and consistently hitting your targets. Ideally you will have experience working with corporate organisations and will have developed a network of contacts in the Home Counties and South of England. This is a superb opportunity for an ambitious sales executive to move onto the next level of their sales career. You will be supported by a high level of professional service personnel in order to achieve your goals. Main Activities ? Maintain a robust qualified pipeline to support the achievement of targets. ? Develop and close new customer opportunities within the target market. ? Maintain good working knowledge of the product and proposition set and work to maintain and improve a good understanding about how best to present this services to our customers. ? Maintain a good knowledge of our internal processes in order to enhance the sales process. ? Create a sales plan based on geography and proposition. Work with marketing to support the plan. ? Have a strong understanding of your customers business, their objectives, IT and telecoms estates and what their key objectives are. To convert this knowledge into good qualified opportunities. ? Penetrate accounts with the designated product propositions and seek referrals through these accounts. ? Develop a portfolio of reference customers and PR opportunities. Experience and Skills ? Creative approach to developing new business opportunities from scratch. ? Can demonstrate success in selling Data, Mobility and Managed Service product solutions ? 5 years telecoms experience in the Commercial field sales sector ? Good technical and product knowledge ? Demonstrable understanding of key business drivers for target prospects ? Team player, excellent communicator, strong selling, influencing and negotiating skills. ? Driven, selfmotivated and flexible with a 'can do' attitude ? Strong and demonstrable leadership and influencing skills ? Excellent communication and interpersonal skills ? Flexible approach and an ability to operate effectively within diverse business environments ? Self motivated and an ability to energise matrix and virtual teams to meet objectives ? Educated to undergraduate level preferably in a Business/Technical related subject ? Salesforce.com experience is desirable ? Good competence in MS Office; Excel, Access	UK	UK	full_time	permanent	Comoro Ltd	IT Jobs	From 40,000 to 50,000 per year + To 100k OTE, car and benefits	45000	fish4.co.uk	1
160335	71185470	Payroll Administrator	My client, a busy professional services based in Cheltenham are currently recruiting a Payroll administrator to join their expanding team. The successful candidate will have substantial experience within Payroll and must be comfortable answering all sorts of questions regarding payroll (sometimes complex) for clients or their staff/dealing with HMRC, etc, The successful canddiate must be fully conversant in all aspects of payroll Job responsibilities: • To comply with the weekly payroll timetable – To ensure all duties are carried out on the correct days set and report • To ensure that all important work is completed by set deadlines • To assist with other team members work where required • To operate a clear desk policy • To undertake any other duties required within the department where necessary • To ensure that a positive, productive and supportive team spirit is maintained at all times, acting in a professional manner in keeping with policies and principles. • Ensure all assigned agencies are correctly set up and reference numbers noted accordingly where applicable • Ensure that all candidates set up on Access have been verified with HMRC and the tax treatment correctly updated on the system • To ensure the main expenses spread sheet is fully up to date with all expense claim forms received and that any invalid claims are sent back to the candidate with the covering letter informing them of the error • To process the weekly Umbrella payroll ensuring all figures balance • To format any non agency spread sheets and complete with missing reference numbers Person specification: • Flexible approach to work • Be able to deal with people at all levels • Excellent team working skills • Good organisational skills • To be able to use own initiative and undertake several tasks as required To apply please press the 'apply' button on this website This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PayrollAdministrator_job****	Cheltenham Gloucestershire South West	Cheltenham		permanent	Randstad	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 24,000 to 25,000 per annum Excellent benefits	24500	totaljobs.com	0
203809	71946213	Senior Developer/Architect  Manchester  ****k	Senior Developer/Architect  Manchester  ****k My world renound software solutions organisation who translate business data into invaluable information, is currently looking for a Senior .NET Developer with architecture experience to join their development and architecture team. This role offer an number of career opportunities due to the companies growth. My client has been going for 15 years now and their solutions have been presented worldwide. Essential skills:  Experience of designing and implementing enterprise class solutions within the public or private sector.  Solid asp.net and IIS experience  Understands technical architecture standards  Ability to speak to stakeholders from senior managers through to Director level.  Experience of working in a fast paced environment and experience of working to deadlines Desirable skills:  Sharepoint development experience The role offers a variety of responsibilities including the opportunity to be in business proposition discussions through to design and implementation. Because of the customer facing nature of the role , communication is key. Send your CV to Dan Rodrigues as soon as possible to be considered and if you have any queries call me on **** Salary Range: ****  **** and commutable from the Manchester area. My world renound software solutions organisation who translate business data into invaluable information, is currently looking for a Senior .NET Developer with architecture experience to join their development and architecture team. This role offer an number of career opportunities due to the companies growth. My client has been going for 15 years now and their solutions have been presented worldwide. Essential skills:  Experience of designing and implementing enterprise class solutions within the public or private sector.  Solid asp.net and IIS experience  Understands technical architecture standards  Ability to speak to stakeholders from senior managers through to Director level.  Experience of working in a fast paced environment and experience of working to deadlines Desirable skills:  Sharepoint development experience The role offers a variety of responsibilities including the opportunity to be in business proposition discussions through to design and implementation. Because of the customer facing nature of the role , communication is key. Send your CV to Dan Rodrigues as soon as possible to be considered and if you have any queries call me on **** Salary Range: ****  **** and commutable from the Manchester area	Manchester Greater Manchester North West	Manchester		permanent		IT Jobs	55000	55000	technojobs.co.uk	1
95706	69219556	Cosmetic Aesthetician	We currently have a PartTime vacancy for an experienced Therapist/Aesthetician to work for a leading Cosmetic Surgery Clinic based in Fulham, London. This position is ideal for a parent, working 2 days per week and offers good earning potential. We need applicants to have NVQ level 3 and also have experience with Laser. You must be an excellent communicator, able to upsell and recommend treatments/products. You would have a supportive team, with ongoing training and development. ****k plus commission PRO RATA. Applicants must also live and be able to work within the UK	UK	UK	part_time	permanent	Support Services Group 	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	From 18,000 to 18,000 per year + Plus commission PRO RATA	18000	fish4.co.uk	0
83175	69044432	IT Security Analyst  Edinburgh	IT Security Analyst  Edinburgh required for our key client to join their IT Security team within their new Service IT department. To be successful in this role, you'll need the following experience and skills:  Extensive experience of security architecture and security technology design  Strong understanding of data and voice networks  Good project management and consulting skills  Relevant industry qualification or experience, i.e. diploma/masters in information security, CCSA, SSCA, CISM, CISSP or equivalent.  Experience of implementing and monitoring performance against the IS**** standard and audit process.  A good understanding of the PCI standard and audit process.  Strong written and verbal communication skills with ability to adapt style to suit audience  Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to build, develop and maintain relationships across all levels  Strong attention to detail  Excellent influencing skills  Confident, assertive and pragmatic approach with ability to exercise judgement and discretion where appropriate  Highly organised, with ability to work under pressure and to tight deadline  Flexible team player who can work autonomously in a changing environment  Represent IT security in front of vendors, customers, board level and third parties  Personally able to lead on complex security issues  Working autonomously with minimal supervision  Coordinating security response across individuals and broader IT and Business teams The salary for this position is up to ****k  excellent benefits. Please send your CV in the first instance to be considered for this position. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITSecurityAnalystEdinburgh_job****	Edinburgh Midlothian Scotland	Edinburgh Technopole		permanent	Head Resourcing	IT Jobs	23000 - 34000 per annum + excellent benefits	28500	cwjobs.co.uk	0
61876	68697268	Technical Analyst  Business Objects	 Support and maintenance of the Firms financial reporting models: Business Objects, Business Object Planning, Business Planning Consolidation, SQL and Excel Models.  Second line support for data integrity issues within reporting models  Assist in the implementation of changes as identified in the system impact analysis or report specifications.  Understand the firm's data business rules and processes and the implications on reporting databases  Interpret requests for information, formulate developments required to the reporting solutions  Ongoing development of the Firm's reporting solutions, inline with the reporting solution roadmap acting as a key stakeholder and providing key inputs into Internal and External Projects  Experience of Business Objects, including support, development and maintenance of the ETL, universe(s) and WEBI reports  Experience of developing and support MS Excel, including Visual Basic  Solid and proven experience working in a finance department (or IT team supporting finance) preferably in a business services environment  Experience of IT business analysis  Experience of undertaking a change management role throughout a project lifecycle  Proven record of developing reporting applications and report writing skills  Good Relationship Database Skills Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalAnalystBusinessObjects_job****	Bristol Avon South West	UK		permanent	Adecco Group	IT Jobs	30000 - 35000 per annum	32500	totaljobs.com	0
46983	68572235	Graduate/Assistant Quantity Surveyor	Graduate/Assistant Quantity Surveyor  Airport  Main contractor background Our client is a main contractor involved in heavy civils elements at Heathrow. They are looking for a Graduate/Assistant Quantity Surveyor for a long term contract, who is happy to commit for the entire duration due to run until towards the end of ****013, potentially longer for the right calibre of candidate. You need to ideally have 2  4 years experience and a background within civils, groundwork's, concrete, perhaps utilities. If you have these capabilities please email (url removed) to discuss your situation in more detail Rate: Negotiable for the right calibre of person Circa	Hertfordshire - Letchworth Garden City	Letchworth Garden City	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Trade & Construction Jobs	31680 - 36960	34320	ukstaffsearch.com	0
147936	70759197	Catia V**** Design/Development Engineer	Our client, an international engineering organisation based in South Yorkshire, is now looking to recruit a CATIA V**** Design Produce thorough and accurate design project documentation that gains the approval of a senior design engineer Verify designs with care and thoroughness so that all failures to meet requirements are prevented. Validate products with care and thoroughness so that all failures to meet requirements are corrected in a timely manner and communicated effectively to the customer. Implement design changes that are evaluated for feasibility, cost and timing and implemented with care and thoroughness, gaining the approval of the R Contribute effectively to a crossfunctional development team both within the company and with customers. Give timely effective support to the customer s needs so that they do not express dissatisfaction. Support the quality and preproduction departments with APQP, PPAP and FMEA documentation. Support the manufacturing departments on design matters relating to products being introduced into, or already in production. Contribute effectively to costreduction activities. Provide technical support to sales and marketing to obtain new business	Sheffield, South Yorkshire	Sheffield		permanent	Close Resource Management Ltd	Other/General Jobs	30000 - 35000/annum 30-35k per annum	32500	cv-library.co.uk	0
108839	69631594	National Sales Manager	This is an exciting opportunity to build up the new face to face sales channels from their roots and ensure that thier ongoing commercial success is a key contributor in the growth of the business. You will grow and develop the sales force to deliver and exceed the national sales plan. You will have responsibility for the achievement of main KPIs whilst leading, coaching, developing and motivating their teams. Additionally, they will be responsible for ensuring that the appropriate support processes are in place to support the channels and customers objectives. The main objective of this job will be to lead motivate and manage a sales team with the purpose of delivering regional profit, volume and execution targets. The main focus of this role is to coach and develop individuals and the team to exceed their KBIs and achieve their full potential.	National Role - Preferably Midlands/North West	UK	full_time	permanent	Churchill Search Selection	Retail Jobs	Up to 75k + Bonus + Package	75000	jobs.thegrocer.co.uk	1
10806	66434758	BI Developer  Dundee  MS BI Stack  ****k Excellent Bens	BI Developer  Dundee  MS BI Stack  ****k Excellent Bens Seeking an experienced BI developer to work on a data warehouse utilising SSIS, SSAS and SSRS  good working knowledge of these systems is a must for any individual applying for this role. Knowledge of the Kimball Methodology would be desirable. In addition to excellent working knowledge of MS SQL Server and strong TSQL, the ideal candidate would have experience with optimising queries, minimising harddisk and network IO and general server and system administration. Ideally, the successful candidate would come from a Business Intelligence background or demonstrate a strong desire to specialise in this area. Some knowledge of the eCommerce industry, websites and/or finance would be an advantage. Roles Responsibilities: o Gather requirements from stake holders o Implement new BI data marts as per requirements gathered with business stakeholders o Maintenance and monitoring of BI systems including, KPIs, tracking, finance and delivery to the business o Technical (SQL, and application) support to other members of the BI team o Satisfy other reporting request, as they arise within the organisation o Any other tasks required by line manager Essential Skills: o Ability to create, organise and manage own workload o A strong interest in the Business Intelligence vertical o Fluent with TSQL and Performance Tuning. o Good knowledge of SSIS, SSAS and SSRS o Excellent communication skills Desired Skills: o DBA experience In return my client offer a basic salary of between ******** in addition to an excellent benefits package including a very generous holiday allowance (30 days)  private health, pension etc. For more information please contact Chiamaka Aniedu on **** **** **** and/or submit a current CV ASAP. To find out more about Computer Futures please visit www.computerfutures.com	Dundee	Dundee		permanent		IT Jobs	35000 - 45000 per annum	40000	theitjobboard.co.uk	0
44303	68508848	Food Service Assistant	Well mannered experienced food service assistants required for busy well organised locations through out Aberdeen. You will help in the day to day running of canteen style operations and you will be required to help serve hot food at the counters, stock up shelves of service units, man the till after training, keep area nice and clean, good grasp of English and a presentable friendly manner is essential. You will also be required to help shut down and clean down at the end of service. Previous experience in previous roles is essential	ABERDEEN	Aberdeen	full_time	permanent		Hospitality & Catering Jobs	240 - 300 per week	12960	fish4.co.uk	0
80924	69023859	Registered Manager / Care Home Manager	Care Manager/ Registered Manager Position: 69 months maternity cover, full time. Salary: **** **** I am recruiting for an exciting new position for a domiciliary care home in the Tenby area. They are currently looking for a Registered Manager to join their team and to cover for Maternity leave. The role has the potential to go permanent. My client is a domiciliary care home, which provide live in care, and day visits. They were established over 10 years ago, have two offices in Pembrokeshire and employ over **** care staff. They are well respected in their location and focus on providing individualised care for each client. They respect people s privacy and offer dignity whilst promoting independence. Due to the current manager taking maternity leave my client is looking to recruit an experienced Registered Manager with domiciliary care experience to join their Care team for a minimum of 6  9 months with a view to potentially become permanent. Your job will be to manage the day to day domiciliary services my client offers, look after the staff rotas, handle customer service queries and provide a positive example to the other staff members in the home. Although based at Tenby occasionally you might be asked to go and cover shifts at the other centre (also in Pembrokeshire). Your hours of work will be over 7 days with shifts including morning (6am10am), days (9am5pm) and then evenings (5pm11pm) on rotation, overall it will be a ****hour working week. For this post you MUST have the following:  A Level 4 qualification in Care  Registered Manager Award or level 7 management or proven care management experience  At least 5 years domiciliary care experience  Hardworking and good natured  Knowledge of the local area (Pembrokeshire). The salary banding available is up to **** to **** per annum and includes company car and fuel allowance and 20 days holiday  bank holidays. Please give Cath a call on (Apply online only) if you are interested or if you would like to know more. Registered manager/rgm/ domiciliary/ care home/social care/live in care	wales	Wales		permanent	Boston Rose	Social work Jobs	25000 - 35000/annum 25000 - 35000 plus benefits	30000	cv-library.co.uk	0
25390	67770712	C / ASPNet Web Developer ndash; Forward Thinking amp; Dynamic Company	C / ASP.Net Web Developer  Forward thinking & dynamic company  Fantastic Progression This is a fantastic opportunity for a passionate & technology driven C / ASP.Net Developer to take their next step on the career ladder towards working on high level & exciting C / ASP.Net based projects within a fast paced environment where you will be given the chance to be creative with your work & take ownership over your own projects Skills C ASP.Net SQL Server WCF / WPF  Desirable Good Communication Skills The Company & Your Responsibilities You will be working with many household names, providing top of the range C / ASP.Net Solutions & websites for clients from across the country. This role can offer you diversity in your day to day work as well as the chance to remain up to date with all the latest technologies & methodologies This is a great opportunity for someone who is looking to get their teeth stuck into innovating projects in a company where they can push themselves to grow, progress & fulfil your maximum potential If this sounds like the job for you and there is enough information here to get you interested then please send your CV to: Or give me a call for more information on: (Apply online only) Connect with me on Linkedin: (url removed)/in/megangibson****/ Key Words: .NET, C, ASP.Net, Web Developer, Software Developer Locations: Birmingham, Solihull, Coventry, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, Midlands Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Leamington Spa, England	Leamington Spa				IT Jobs	35000	35000	britishjobsonthe.net	0
169393	71339699	Sister/Charge Nurse  Paediatric Ward	Our client is a leading provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; we are seeking an experienced and motivated Sister/Charge Nurse for their Paediatric Inpatient ward. Treating the full range of Paediatric medical and surgical specialities this Hospital works with the elite of London's most experienced consultants and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellent offers a high standard of acute and critical nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from strong management and executive teams; the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include:  Private medical insurance  Life assurance cover  Pension scheme  Performance bonus scheme  Online staff discounts  Occupational sick pay scheme  Childcare vouchers  Heavily discounted gym membership  Season ticket loan  Eye sight testing  Subsidised staff restaurant  Discounted dry cleaning Duties of the post  Reporting directly to the Ward Manager; deputising in their absence when required and taking charge of the department on majority of shifts.  To promote and manage the delivery of high quality nursing care to children admitted to the Unit.  To supervise, direct and mentor staff and senior staff nurses, healthcare assistants and student nurses. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements  Registered Paediatric Nurse, registered with the NMC (not requiring a period of Supervised Placement)  At least two years experience in a Paediatric Senior Staff Nurse role.  Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship)	City of London - London	The City	full_time		CVbrowser	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	35000 - 38000	36500	cvbrowser.com	0
100942	69541887	Cynorthwyydd Cyfrifon	Cynorthwyydd Cyfrifon Mae Page Personnel yn rhan o PageGroup International ac mae'n arwain y farchnad fel Arbenigwr Recriwtio Ariannol. Rydym ar hyn o bryd yn recriwtio ar gyfer Cynorthwyydd Cyfrifon yn Noc Penfro ac rydym yn awyddus i glywed gan unrhyw un sy'n teimlo bod ganddynt y sgiliau a'r meini prawf cywir. Mae'r swydd hon yn cynnwys Cyfrifoldeb am y Cyfriflyfr Gwerthiant Codi anfonebau Cysoni Prynu cyfriflyfr  prosesu anfonebau Cyfateb , sypynnu a chodio Bancio Gweinyddiaeth swyddfa	Pembroke	Pembroke	full_time			Accounting & Finance Jobs	7.00 - 8.00 per hour	14400	Jobcentre Plus	0
101970	69548778	Tailor Assistant	A smart and tidy assistant person is required to help in a small tailoring shop in Kingston. The work environment is friendly and needs you to work closely on onetoone basis therefore you must be willing to demonstrate the capability to learn about tailoring as well. This position duties will include: Managing the shop, Tiding up, Customer Servicing, Computering and diary management. Assisting the tailor in his work. Textiles and Fashion background is an advantage. At least **** hours a week including weekends on start. Shop opens ****:**** References may be required Apprenticeship is available if you are interested. Thank you for reading, if you feel this position could suit you and for any inquiries please do drop an email along with your CV to . Good Luck	Kingston upon Thames	Kingston Upon Thames	part_time			Manufacturing Jobs	4.50 - 12.00 per hour	15840	Jobcentre Plus	0
51749	68644026	Software Developer  C, ASPNet  **** to 6 Mth Contract  Glasgow / Edi Jobs In Scotland	Software Developer  C, ASP.Net  **** to 6 Mth Contract  Glasgow / Edinburgh Abrecco wish to recruit, on behalf of our client, a contract Software Developer. The successful contractor will join a well established team involved in the development of cutting edge projects using the latest Microsoft technologies. Skills required for this opportunity should include but not be limited to: Essential  ASP.Net (C.Net)  MVC  SQL Server 2005/****  Front end web development  Experience of working in a Test Driven Development environment Desirable  Experience of working in an Agile development environment  Experience of working with Sharepoint  Degree in IT related subject or relevant commercial experience in Software Development This is a very busy client offering a **** to 6 months contract plus possibilities for extension or conversion to a staff position if preferred. They are offering a rate in the region of **** to **** per day depending on experience. Please note that this role can be based in either the Glasgow or Edinburgh office. net developer c tdd sql server software c net c .net	Glasgow	Glasgow		contract	Abrecco	Graduate Jobs	80,000 Annual	80000	jobsinscotland.com	1
162481	71199878	Field Sales Executive	Field Sales Executive, Pest Elimination service Bournemouth **** with a realistic 1st year on target earnings of **** uncapped, plus a commission guarantee of **** each month for 3 months. The Company My client is one of the worlds largest and most successful facilities management organisations. They have been trading for over 80 Years and have a **** Billion turnover. They operate worldwide and employ more than **** employees and have an excellent training programme, career progression and provide stability for the right candidate who has a desire to succeed. If you re an ambitious individual looking for a fantastic sales career then please read on The Role Within this position you will be selling a tailored pest elimination service to commercial, industrial and corporate clientele. The successful candidate with be covering a territory of Bournemouth, predominantly generating new business, however their will be existing clients that will need to be managed as you will be providing them a continuing preventative service. This is a quick sales cycle as you will be likely called out to urgent situations within business hours. You will be required to undertake risk assessments and comply within health and safety and environmental Law. You will be provided continuous support and training from management in order to enhance your skills which will ultimately lead you to a successful career path. The Person The successful candidate will have sales experience; Ideally come from a business to business background within the service sector. However other backgrounds within sales will be considered. Related industry experience is NOT essential but you must have the ability to generate new business both from leads given and self sourced data. You will live in Bournemouth and surrounding areas. The Package  Basic Salary ****  Realistic 1st year OTE **** uncapped rising in the 2nd and subsequent years  Company Car, including business mileage  Mobile Phone  Contributory Pension  A huge, stable Blue Chip Company  An excellent induction and training scheme  Individual and team incentives All successful applicants will be contacted within **** hours. Unfortunately due to high levels of response we will not be able to respond to everybody, however, all unsuccessful applicants will be filed considered for all future opportunities As an equal opportunities employer, Prime Time Recruitment welcomes applications from all sections of the community.	Bournemouth	Bournemouth		permanent	Prime Time Sales   Newcastle	Sales Jobs	19380 pa	19380	jobsite.co.uk	0
79718	69019180	Business Intelligence Developer (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS)  Insurance	Business Intelligence Developer (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS)  Insurance  London Business Intelligence / SSIS / SSAS / SSRS / SQL Server / Data Warehouse / Insurance Overview A fantastic new opportunity for a Business Intelligence Developer (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) has become available to join an established and energetic consultancy specialising with Lloyds London Market Insurance clients in London, on a permanent basis. My client is looking for a a full product stack Business Intelligence Developer (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) who will have excellent data warehouse design and business intelligence experience across the Microsoft Business Intelligence product stack and particularly strong skills with SSIS and SQL Server. As a Business Intelligence Developer (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) you will need experience working with SQL Server 2008 upwards and a broad knowledge of Data Warehouse Design with Kimball methodology within Agile environments. The successful Business Intelligence Developer (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) will be the person who is able to meet the above requirements of the role, has the ability to undertake the responsibilities and also has the willingness to succeed in challenging environments. Essential skills & experience SQL Server Database experience (**** & 2008) SSIS (Integration Services)  ETL SSAS (Analysis Services) SSRS (Reporting Services) Data Warehouse design experience Proficient in the design and development of Business Intelligence systems Kimball methodology Agile SCRUMDesired skills & experience Insurance experience (ideally London Market) Source Control (Visual Studio) Any .Net skills Consultancy experience is a benefit but not essential A degree in Computer Science or equivalentTo apply for this exciting opportunity please send your CV or call (Apply online only). Business Intelligence / SSIS / SSAS / SSRS / SQL Server / Data Warehouse / Insurance Business Intelligence Developer (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS)  Insurance  London	City of London, London	The City		permanent	Bridge Noble	IT Jobs	40000 - 50000/annum Benefits	45000	cv-library.co.uk	1
121456	69932852	Electronic Engineer	ELECTRONIC ENGINEER Location: Gloucestershire My client operate within the Medical Device industry and are currently recruiting within the technical department. With offices in the UK and US, they develop and manufacture innovative hightech medical equipment and software. This role is based at their UK headquarters in Gloucestershire and is the result of continued success, and sustained growth. The successful applicant will join a dedicated, established team of Engineers. Primary Role: To design, simulate and develop electronic circuitry for medical devices. To build and test prototype circuitry. To generate circuit schematics and design PCBs. To generate supporting documentation including specifications, test plans and reports. To collaborate with other engineering team members on development projects. To identify and interface with suppliers. Skills Experience in schematic capture and PCB layout essential. Knowledge of Cadence OrCAD tool would be of advantage. Proven track record in analogue and digital circuit design. Experience in embedded systems development. Knowledge of ARM microcontrollers would be advantageous. Ability to work handson including prototyping and debugging. Experience in design for EMC/Manufacture/Test/Safety/Reliability. Experience of conducting FMEA and Risk & Hazard Analysis. Programmable Logic (CPLD/FPGA) programming in VHDL would be beneficial. Personal Attributes Ability to work in a multidisciplinary team. Advanced communication skills, particularly describing ideas verbally and writing clear documentation is essential. Selfmotivated and confident. Well organised. Attention to detail. Able to work to tight deadlines. Education Electronics or science based degree or equivalent Experience Previous experience in a similar role, ideally in the Medical Device or similar industry e.g. Military/Aerospace. Experience of working in a quality/regulatory systems environment. For more information regarding this role please call Amy Harris on (Apply online only) or send a CV Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Gloucestershire	Gloucestershire		permanent	Omega Resource Group	Engineering Jobs	35000 - 45000/annum	40000	cv-library.co.uk	0
13352	66601434	Complex Care Worker Lymington	Complex Carer Lymington **** hour day shifts ****  **** per hour Reference: CAPORPCT**** Job Description: Advantage Healthcare is looking for Complex Carers/Healthcare Assistants to work with our client, a **** year old female residing in Lymington. She is quadriplegic and has a neurological developmental disorder, which affects many aspects of her life and well being. Our client lives at home with her family, two brothers and two dogs. She is totally dependent on her care team and family for all aspects of her personal care. She has a hoist provided in the home upstairs in her bedroom to safely undertake transfers. As a Carer/HCA for Advantage Healthcare you will be required to:  Provide all aspects of our client's personal care.  Observe and monitor our client's oxygen saturation levels.  Provide Oxygen therapy as required.  Administer feeds and medication through a peg.  Manage epileptic seizures and administer medication as trained to do so.  Work as part of a team ensuring a high standard of care is delivered at all times.  Provide daily updates to the care plan in the form of daily records.  Provide a stimulating environment for our client through regular interaction to promote her emotional and social well being. Benefits: Flexible hours to suit you Competitive rates of pay Holiday pay Members Loyalty program Specialist training to further develop your career CRB Reimbursement scheme Access to exclusive discounts for High Street stores, travel and other leisure activities Work with some of the UK’s most prestigious companies and individuals To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (AGY).	Lymington, Hampshire	Lymington	full_time			Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	9.1 to 18 per hour	26016	careworx.co.uk	0
6062	62119703	Secondary English Teacher Vacancy	We are looking for a qualified and talented teacher of English to join this successful school located in Manchester. This role is open to applications from both Newly Qualified and Experienced English Teachers. As a successful English Teacher you will have knowledge of the National Curriculum, be well organised with high expectations of achievement and behaviour, enjoy working as part of a team, have strong interpersonal skills to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students and have great organisation and time management skills. New Directions Education can offer you your own friendly and experienced Account Manager who will provide you with ongoing support once you are in your placement and will also assist you with any future placements.	MANCHESTER	Manchester	full_time	permanent	New Directions	Teaching Jobs	From 90 to 120 per day	25200	fish4.co.uk	0
174976	71439762	Temporary Primary Teacher  Sighthill Primary School	Job Vacancy Summary Children & Families Temporary Primary Teacher Sighthill Primary School Salary: ****  **** Hours: **** per week Salaries will be in accordance with the Scheme of Salaries and Conditions of Service for Teaching Staff in School Education. The post holder must be flexible, working across a number of classes from Nursery upwards. This post is fixed term until 28 June 2013 and considered Regulated Work with Vulnerable Children and/or Protected Adults, under the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act **** From 28 February 2011, preferred candidates will be required to join the PVG Scheme or undergo a PVG scheme update check prior to a formal offer of employment being made by the City of Edinburgh Council. Closing Date: 12 February 2013 Grade: MTE1 TEACHERS MAIN SCALE Disclosure: PVG Scheme Children	Scotland	Scotland	full_time	contract	SIGHTHILL PRIMARY SCHOOL	Teaching Jobs	21,438 - 34,200	27819	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
5827	62080360	NPI Manager	NPI Manager As a result of company growth, this market leading FMCG group is currently seeking a skilled NPI / NPD Manager to join their team Role / Responsibilities: Lead the NPI team with a focus on problem solving and team work. Continuously improve standards set by facilitating and executing **** Step Practical problem solving and other appropriate KPS methodologies within the NPI function and as required within the value stream. Ensure the successful introduction of new products and process improvements through management of the NPI Team ensuring a standardised approach to NPI activities and project management. Evaluate New Product opportunities to determine compatibility with existing site manufacturing capability and the requirements of the Food Safety/Quality Management System Criteria: Third level qualification in a Food Science related subject. Proficient written, numerical and verbal skills Strong numerical skills  ability to record, interpret and analyse key process data Understanding of Food Safety and Quality Management Systems Effective leader and communicator Take the next step by calling Seamus Moore in confidence at PRG on **** **** to arrange an interview or forward your CV to the details above	Co Armagh	UK		permanent	ARRAY	HR & Recruitment Jobs	26000	26000	recruitni.com	0
90410	69168016	Foster Carer	Are you looking for a rewarding career that really makes a difference to a child's life? Foster Carers are sought to join this nationwide children's charity in Southampton, to welcome a child or young person into your home and care for them full time. There is a huge shortage of Foster Carers in the UK, and this organisation is recruiting carers to help give children and young people the care and support they need to thrive in a family home environment. This organisation works with over 50,000 children and young people and runs **** projects across the UK. They tackle issues such as child neglect and abuse whilst offering a range of innovative services to children in care, disabled children, young people and families. TITLE: Foster Carer LOCATION: Southampton EARNINGS: **** per week, (or more depending on number of placements etc.) BENEFITS: 24 hour support, continuous training development, paid respite breaks and competitive allowances The ideal Foster Carer will possess the following:  A spare room in your home  The energy and maturity to care for a child who needs a Foster Home  Experience of working with or caring for children or young people  The ability to care for a child full time  Appropriate safe access and safety equipment such as smoke alarms fitted in your home As a Foster Carer you will be given round the clock support either over the phone, by email or in person. Foster Carers are valued for their skills and contribution and are rewarded with continuous training and development, including NVQ qualifications. Foster Carers come from all kinds of backgrounds. Some are married, some are single and some live with a partner. Everyone brings different experiences to the job but they do share a passion  making a difference and doing something life changing. Please click to apply for the opportunity to become a Foster Carer in Southampton If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Child Care, Social Work, Foster Carer, Child Support, Social Care, Residential Carer, Youth Worker, Foster Parent in Southampton Ref: NEA****SOa This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FosterCarer_job****	Southampton Hampshire South East	UK		permanent	eRecruit Solutions Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	545 per week + Generous benefits	26160	totaljobs.com	0
52229	68665982	French Speaking Internal Sales (maternity cover)	Job Elements:  • Maternity Cover (6 months plus) • Achieve sales goals and Service Contract Sales • Manage assigned part of European Lead list • Build and maintain the company’s customer database • Plan and record all relevant interactions and opportunities through this database • Keep sales manager and the company informed on the development of opportunities, accounts and territory; including market trends and competitive issues • Build longterm strategic relationships with customers to grow business and gain market share • Use all available internal resources to ensure customer satisfaction The ideal candidate will have: • Fluent French speaker • Experience of working with a CRM system • Negotiating and closing sales over the phone • Positive attitude to work and enjoy your job • A graduate degree or equivalent relevant experience • Good internal and external communication skills • Ability to speak German as well would be a benefit • High degree of customer focus For further vacancies, please visit http://www.petrie.co.uk Follow us on http://www.twitter.com/PetrieRecruit Receive updates via http://www.facebook.com/pages/PetrieRecruitment/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrenchSpeakingInternalSalesmaternitycover_job****	Mid Glamorgan Wales	UK		contract	Petrie Recruitment	Admin Jobs	Upto 16,000 per annum	16000	totaljobs.com	0
180935	71593067	**** x Registered Mental Health nurse	My client is looking for **** x Experienced RMN s in Attleborough , Norfolk to facilitate the development and delivery of care plans, leading Care Support Workers/keyworkers. To assume responsibility for the clinical area when required during their span of duty/or the absence of the Manager/or Deputy. To operate in line with national legislation, local polices and agreed procedures. Qualifications RNLD/RNMH and/or RMN essential Experience Two years post registration experience would be desirable, ideally with at least one years experience in Challenging Behaviour Services. Position in the Organisation: The Staff Nurse reports to the Manager/Deputy Manager and is accountable to the Directors. Responsibilities To be responsible for the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of individual treatment programmes, liaising with multidisciplinary team professionals as required. To exercise professional responsibility, reflecting such in the use of skills, knowledge and professional expertise in the delivery of care to clients and in the related leadership of staff. To assist in the provision of preadmission and post discharge support to Service users. To aid the development and use of a range of non aversive intervention strategies, utilizing research findings in the development of improvements in care. To liaise closely with all members of the multidisciplinary team, promoting the role of the nurse, clarifying nursing interventions, ensuring advocacy for clients and supporting multidisciplinary team members in their therapeutic interventions. To ensure that the unit operates in line with the Code of Practice issued under Section **** of the Mental Health Act **** To ensure clients rights are upheld, that they have and active role in the planning of their care, are kept informed of changes to Service provision and are assisting in increasing the knowledge/understanding of Mental Health Act **** issues, where this is relevant. To supervise direct care staff and Support Workers in the delivery of care and to act as Named Nurse for an identified client/group of clients, ensuring that all staff fully document interventions using agreed documentation. To ensure that all designated staff receive appropriate supervision and performance review in line with company policies. Highlighting training initiatives and action plans accordingly. ****Ensure the implementation and evaluation of induction programmes for designated new starters, including agency/otherwise unfamiliar staff. ****To facilitate the appropriate use of resources, redeployment of staff and delegation of duties to achieve the goals of the assessment and treatment service. ****To operate in line with all national legislation and local policies/procedures, taking appropriate action when standards/requirements are not met. ****Initiate, organize and assist in the implementation of regular Care Program Approaches (CPA) for designated patients under their care. **** Staff who hold a UK driving license, will be expected to drive as part of their job role	Attleborough, Norfolk	Attleborough			Randstad Care	Social work Jobs	24000 - 28000 per annum	26000	jobs.communitycare.co.uk	0
151742	70769974	Sales Agent	Do you speak a European language fluently to business level as well as having an excellent command of English? Looking for a career is sales and marketing? Interested in working for a company who rewards hard work but still cultivates a culture of fun? Do you want to work in a company which provides a clear career path? We are recruiting for a leading IT company within an award winning business to business sales team, in the Bournemouth area and have a limited number of interview slots available for people like you If this sound like the type of position and company you want to work for then call me today Tell me about your fluent bilingual skills Tell me about your work ambitions Tell me how soon you can start The salary is competitive with a starting salary of ****k , the working environment is exceptional with modern, hitec offices and has real team atmosphere. What are you waiting for? If you speak any european language at a native level then call me on (Apply online only) now	Bournemouth, Dorset	Bournemouth		contract	Smart Recruitment Solutions	IT Jobs	15000 - 18000/annum 15-18K depending on capability	16500	cv-library.co.uk	0
133747	70250830	NPD Technologist (Sainsburys)	A UK leading FMCG manufacturer of fresh and added value pork, sausages and bacon, are actively recruiting a NPD Technologist preferably with meat experience to support to the NPD Manager with all NPD projects for the Sainsburys account. The successful candidate will have a Food related subject Degree with a minimum of 2 years experience as a NPD Technologist within FMCG Food environment, you're a real 'foodie' who is passionate about NPD/Innovation The candidate of choice will report directly to the NPD Manager (Sainsburys account). As an experience NPD Technologist you will have a thorough understanding and proven experience of the following: developing brief led concepts demonstrating innovation, commercial acumen and a good understanding of FMCG Food business, proven record of Sainsburys account management and understanding their consumer requirements. The NPD Technologist key responsibilities are to support the NPD Manager to source raw ingredients, scaling up Product Development trials to factory trials, presenting to internal and external stakeholders, to be an active contributor in pre launch, project reviews and post launch meetings, whilst adhering to the BRC standards guidelines and the business NPD initiatives and strategies in order maintain growth. This post will require the NPD Technologist to be focused, organised and to be tenacious, regularly exceeding your NPD Manager's, your colleagues, your internal and external key stakeholder's expectations. Finally you will have a valid UK Driving Licence as regular travel between the manufacturing sites located will be required. Degree **** or above in a Food related subject Experience of Sainsburys NPD projects 23 years experience NPD/Technical knowledge (preferably in the meat industry) Advanced or Intermediate Food hygiene UK full valid driving licence Computer literate Willingness to travel to other manufacturing sites (when required) Finally, if you thrive in a fast paced, open, dynamic and innovative environment, please call to hold a highly confidential career discussion in the first instance with Eve Alexander on **** **** **** or **** **** now. Alternatively forward a current CV to evegprs.uk.com. If you can convince Eve you can fulfil the demands of this highly desirable and rewarding role, she'd be keen to discuss the potential of arranging a formal interview for you. GPRS Recruitment whose registered address is The Bankhouse Stafford ST**** 2JU UK confirm that our client has instructed us that the position advertised herein is of a permanent nature. All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK and or the territory/location specified. Unfortunately we will not be able to enter into discussions or offer assistance regarding sponsorship. Due to high volumes of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. Accordingly if we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NPDTechnologistSainsburys_job****	Hull North Humberside North East	UK		permanent	GPRS Recruitment	Other/General Jobs	22000 - 24000 per annum	23000	totaljobs.com	0
7029	64478651	Norwegian Speaking Customer Service Advisors	Norwegian Speaking Customer Service Advisors  ****k pa Our client based in County Louth requires Norwegian speaking customer service advisors, these roles are starting in January 2013. Candidates must have strong pc knowledge of ms office and applications. Candidates must have at least 12 months experience in customer service, experience in an accounting or finance related role would be desirable. Excellent opportunity to join this expanding company. Recruitment Direct is acting as a recruitment agency.	Dundalk	UK		permanent	Recruitment Direct	Customer Services Jobs	24000 - 25000	24500	Multilingualvacancies	0
21092	67299016	Estate Agent  Sales Negotiator  Leading UK Estat	EXCITING NEW CAREER IN ESTATE AGENCY?? NEW YEAR NEW JOB NEW CHALLENGE William H Brown are part of one of the UK s leading Estate Agents being part of the Sequence Group inc. Connells Group with over **** High Street Branches and we are looking to recruit a Sales Negotiator for our York branch. If you are working in a Sales Role, or have worked in sales, customer services,face to face or on the telephone, and in a heavily targetted environment, and have the desire to work in an Estate Agency, you are driven, enthusiastic and selfmotivated then this could be the job for you To be considered for this opportunity as a Sales Negotiator you must have a proven track record in SALES currently, or a customer focused and sales role where you have been dealing with the public mainly on the telephone and also face to face. A positive, energetic can do approach that enjoys a busy environment, is essential. You will need to be able to work under pressure, whilst maintaining attention to detail, be a clear problem solver and have an engaging and charismatic personality to be a Sales Negotiator In return WE offer a competitive salary package, outstanding training and the chance to work for a leading award winning company who can offer you a rewarding and progressive career potentially from new recruit to a seat in the Boardroom	York, North Yorkshire	York		permanent	Sequence	Sales Jobs	12000 - 25000/annum 12k BASIC to 25k OTE	18500	cv-library.co.uk	0
170812	71367205	Design Engineer	Design Engineer (****D and ****D  Mechanical / Civil Plant Drawings and Design) Wiltshire Great Somerford, Commutable From Swindon, Bristol and Gloucestershire. **** to ****  Company Contributory Pension  Generous Benefits Package Design Engineer required with ****D and ****D skills to produce plant layout drawings and design of bulk handling and storage systems by a dynamic British manufacturing company that has recently won product innovation and trade awards. The company is renowned both nationally and internationally for its engineering design and product capabilities. They are a stable employer and have an exceptional export order book. ****01**** is set to be a fantastic year for them as demand for their core product grows and they move into new markets. The wide ranging scope of this role is specifically intended to allow for the successful candidate to develop the direction of which is not prescribed, so that opportunities will exist for the successful candidate to progress their career in the direction that best suits them, e.g. managing layout designs, project management or process plant design. The Role:  ****D and ****D Based (Company uses AutoCAD ****D and Inventor ****D).  Producing plant drawings to support the in house Systems and Layout Designers.  Design of bulk solids storage and materials handling process systems These are bespoke steel and sheet metal based fabrications on concrete bases.  Occasional site visits from time to time.  The basic working hours for this post are 42.5 hours per week from 8.00 am to 5.00 pm with **** minutes lunch break. The Candidate:  3D and 2D proficient on any cad package (AutoCAD and Inventor training can be given if you have used alternative packages).  Will ideally hold an engineering or civils qualification or similar.  Will have an interest in bespoke steel fabrications or building structures or concrete bases or similar	Great Somerford, Wiltshire	Great Somerford		permanent	Luton Bennett Limited	Engineering Jobs	24000 - 28000/annum 24,000 to 28,000	26000	cv-library.co.uk	0
155609	71083121	National Account Executive	National Account Executive  Alcoholic Drinks****k  ****k  Car National Role  South East BasedTHE COMPANY: With an exceptionally strong brand name and over half a century of manufacturing excellence behind them, this market leading drinks producer now seeks a new National Account Executive. You will be assisting in the management of two accounts within the multiple retail sector, dealing with buyers, supply chain managers and NPD departments at head office level. With a dynamic and experienced management team in place to support your sales efforts, this organisation can also provide you with the career options that you are looking for. THE PERSON: You will have the following skills;Sales track record at Account Management levelYou will ideally have sold in the grocery sectorSales of branded goods is highly preferableYou will be a proactive and organised sales person with excellent organisational skills THE PACKAGE: **** Basic **** BonusFully Expensed Choice of Company CarMobile, Pension, Laptop, Healthcare, 25 days holidaysBMS is a leading consultancy specialising in sales recruitment. Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. BMS offers sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Sales Engineers, Area Sales Managers and Account Managers.Conveniently located on the M25, between the M3, M4 and M40 we are committed to meet with all potentially suitable applicants, face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com alternatively contact Martin Cracknell on **** ****	South East	South East London		permanent		Sales Jobs	30k - 40k	35000	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
14407	66710750	Operations Manager	An exciting opportunity has arisen for an interim Operations Manager based at our distribution centre in Birmingham. This challenging and exciting role will report to the Group Operations Director. This position requires an experienced individual with drive and energy to enable the site to be best in class with the aim of these roles being to deliver operational excellence and customer satisfaction. To ensure operational processes are defined and adhered to in order that the site functions within budget and against service levels. To act as the interface with the Group Client Commercial Services Manager to agree and define the supply chain process. To take a lead role to operationally project manage all system developments to achieve the objectives of our customers. To encourage and cultivate development within the line manager structure. To ensure that the site is fully compliant with all health and safety regulations To ensure that there are clear lines of communication defined. To ensure that good employee relations are maintained at all times. Review on a daily basis all KPI information relating to throughput and performance of each department. Play an active part in defining budget levels and reviewing performance against budget. Review up to date technology and ensure that the site is equipped to deal with the requirements of a complicated supply chain. Regular review of inventory accuracy levels and stock related errors attributable to the site. Ensure that all areas of financial loss are investigated, reported and 'owned'. Ensure each development generates and solidifies the relationship with the customers by influencing the culture of line management by adopting the 'can do' philosophy. Who we re looking for Extensive experience in a fast paced changing environment ideally a third party logistics environment or alternately an in house logistics solution in a hightech / IT / telecommunications Company. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Experienced in dealing with a demanding client structure background preferably communications or high tech SAP experience, from a user processing and reporting prospective Used to managing a workforce of permanent and agency employees Familiar with production activities that relate to previously finished goods being assembled into multipacks Advanced Excel and Power point user Experienced in process improvement and controls Experience of Lean, Kaizen philosophies. About our client Our client is a leading ****PL provider. What s on offer ****K pro rata	Birmingham	Birmingham		contract		Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	45-50K pro rata	47500	michaelpage.co.uk	1
26977	67888803	Test Technician  RF/electronics x****	Test Technician with experience of Electronics/RF equipment required to join an expanding team in a world leading Aerospace company. **** positions for Test and Repair Technicians has been created with our manufacturing engineering team at our new build super site. This role would ideally suit an experienced test and repair technician who has shop floor experience working on a wide variety of products  both new build and repair, to quality standards ISO9001, AS9001, Mil std, ideally within radio communications, radar, electronics, microwave and / or RF. Joining a dynamic, successful and like minded team, this is an ideal opportunity to work on a varied and exciting product range for a market leading company, working with clients in both the UK and overseas markets. Primary purpose of the job To test/align/diagnose/repair a broad range of company products, utilising either laid down procedures or functional test methods to provide conformance to specification or other stated procedures. Key tasks Diagnosing faults and implementing repairs, ensuring that all work is carried out to the correct build standard To own responsibility for personal workload and to meet quality requirements and work standards To monitor own workload and plan resources to achieve targets on time and to budget To ensure that all Company Health and Safety Procedures are adhered to To ensure all admin duties are carried out satisfactorily including timely completion of correct documentation Ability to calibrate and repair/maintain the company s special to type test jigs. Desired skills and experience Experience of RF and/or microprocessor controlled digital circuitry Experience of working to ISO9001, AS9001, Mil std highly desirable Ability to interpret basic electronic circuit diagrams Competent in soldering techniques Ability to work quickly and accurately PC handling skills essential for data input to company computer system An understanding of quality requirements/work standards including workshop safety Ability to calibrate and repair/maintain the Company s special to type test jigs Practical electronics experience in a relevant professional test or support environment is highly desirable. 	Worthing West Sussex South East	Worthing		permanent		IT Jobs	35000	35000	technojobs.co.uk	0
209608	72172531	****  IMMEDIATE STARTS  SALES & CUSTOMER SERVICE	****  IMMEDIATE STARTS  SALES & CUSTOMER SERVICEWe are looking for **** self motivated and ambitious people to join us in customer service, promotions, marketing and sales. A full business development programme will be offered to the more ambitious.No experience is required as full product training will be provided, although we welcome people with previous experience in sales, customer service, advertising, promotions, retail, call centre, hospitality or marketing. We are a fast growing company looking for hard working and motivated individuals who have excellent communications skills and a genuine drive for progression.Travel opportunities, Great weekly average earnings, Great progression opportunities are just some of the benefits on offer within TG Worldwide.If you are Enthusiastic, Keen to learn and looking for a New Career, thenApply Online Now****  **** per week  Average EarningsALL CANDIDATES MUST LIVE IN THE UK  BIRMINGHAM AREA AND MUST BE ABLE TO COMMUTE TO OUR BIRMINGHAM OFFICE DAILYIMMEDIATE STARTS AVAILABLEAPPLY ONLINE NOW 	West Midlands (County)	UK		permanent		Sales Jobs	30k - 40k	35000	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
184140	71643278	Business Analyst / Presales Executive	Job Title Business Analyst / Presales Executive / Software Support, ****k Skills Software Support, Business Requirement Analysis, Social Media Solutions Salary ****k Basic, Company Car, Pension, Healthcare, Laptop, Mobile Location London, Reading, St Albans, Basingstoke, Woking The Company Established in the mid ****'s, this successful company is one of leading lights in the field of media software and text analytics. Their software allows customers to mine valuable information from unstructured data, gathered across a range of media, thus providing insight and meaning for their clients. They are able to streamline and leverage social media and thus business gain. The Person They are looking for the following Key Skills:  A good understanding of social media technology and tools  Experience in BI, dashboards, Twittter etc is beneficial  A business consultant, analyst or similar background is preferred  The ability to translate data into solutions and then communicate this to clients The Role You will be involved with business analysis activities and some element of presales work; they are recruiting as a result of increased customer need, introducing professional services to generate more revenue. The new business analyst will be working with technical teams to translate designs into solutions, getting involved with client meetings and gathering business requirements. Full software training is provided. BMS has been established for over twenty years, specialising in providing solutions presales and sales professionals to the IT and Telecoms marketplace. Our approach is to listen to your needs and to provide a highvalue/low volume solution for all of your recruiting requirements.	Greater London, Central London, South East England, Surrey	London			BMS Sales Specialists LLP	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
51165	68635174	Project Manager  Change/Transition	A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a seasoned and experienced IT Project Manager on an initial 3 month contract to deliver a new VoIP system within a contact centre environment. The ideal candidate will have delivered a similar project before, working with the company's internal teams as well as a number of external suppliers to ensure that all of the operational requirements are in place before the project goes live. Operational requirements will cover all aspects of production and include for example, the provision of operation support, service level agreements, logical access controls, sign off for testing, and the provision of any supporting documentation. The specific project at hand is the implementation of a new VoIP system (Ms Link) although candidates with exposure to other technologies will be considered.Key Responsibilities.Ensure all areas of the IT Support and Operations are ready for the new services/solutionsOversee all quality measures and ensure projects are not closed off until SLAs have been met.Ensure that all the appropriate quality gates during the delivery process have been metEnsure that service definitions are produced to a high standard.Ensure 3rd party agreements exist in all cases to underpin the service levels required by the business.Input into the KPI metrics that measure the success and effectiveness of the delivery processEngage fully with other members of the project team along with additional stakeholders.Be strategic whilst the interpretation a variety of information, including company wide policies and business unit strategies.Strong technical background with the ability to advise on recommendations based on potential impact to businesses. This is a fantastic opportunity and there is a high probability the role will last for 612 months.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Newbury	Newbury		contract		IT Jobs	350 - 400 per day	90000	theitjobboard.co.uk	1
119455	69857687	Account Director  Integrated / BTL Agency – ****k  benefits	The role Are you at Account Director level? Have you, as Account Director, ever worked on a highly regulated sector  such as lottery, gaming, alcohol or tobacco? If so, this could be the role for you The agency, need a strong Account Director to join their team, delivering BTL activity for this global account. The role of the Account Director will be to become the 'right hand' to the Managing Director and Director  ensuring that agency work in London is smooth, seamless, delivered on time and that client expectations are managed. The role of an Account Director is pivotal, having responsibility for leading and directing their accounts, building and developing their clients business through strong relationships and creating the conditions and opportunities for others to thrive and produce the best possible work. No two pieces of business have the same requirements so the Account Director must work closely with their team to ensure clarity on the division of responsibilities to ensure they are best set up to deliver. It s their responsibility to set the tone and mood of the team and to dictate the structure and running of the account. The agency need an Account Director that is forwardthinking and drives excellent client service, developing a culture of rock solid delivery to a team mindset of going beyond just what is asked for by clients. Leading by example, the Account Director will inspire the team to meet their own high standards. As Account Director you will be directly responsible for the retention, strategic direction and financial growth of the business s client accounts. This includes managing clients, revenue, team and cost base. The Account Director must also have some 'gravitas' to lead this client and this team  as the Account Director will have a fair bit of autonomy too. Given the challenges of regulated industries  lottery, alcohol and tobacco  the Account Director must have previous experience in this field, but also truly understand the implications within retail and general shopper marketing. It's a big role for a big personality And it's a high profile role which can also involve some travel, at times. As Account Director, whilst BTL marketing is a strength and skill, you'll be required to participate in TTL thinking and strategy development. The agency work closely with a number of agencies to form a collaborative approach, so an Account Director with strong TTL skills and / or a solid understanding of how BTL can work with ATL  would be an asset. The Account Director may be required to travel periodically  within Europe. Key requirements for the Account Director: Solid agency experience Proven leadership relationship building skills Ability to lead, mentor deliver when needed Solid experience with regulated sectors such as  lottery, alcohol or tobacco Proven strategic skills commercial thinking to influence the strategy, the creative product and the client s view of the agency as a trusted partner. The agency take good care of their people, with strong remuneration, benefits, an active social scene and long standing client relationships. Lastly, if you have the confidence, experience and gravitas  and as Account Director you don't shy away from challenges  then this could be the role for you. If you, as Account Director have these skills required experience, please get in touch today quoting AK**** To apply for this role, please click the 'Apply' button below. If this role is not what you re looking for, then don t worry. At Fill Recruitment we specialise in all agency positions. We are currently recruiting for Planners at all Levels and account handlers at Account Manager, Senior Account Manager and Group Account Director levels. If you would like to find out more please visit our website: www.fillrecruitment.com or try http://jobs.brandrepublic.com/employer/****/fillrecruitmentltd/	South West London	South West London	full_time	permanent	Fill Recruitment Ltd	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	50k + benefits	50000	Brand Republic Jobs	1
109881	69668247	Senior HR Change & Transformation Consultant	Our client, a global, high profile bank, they have an exciting opportunity for a Senior HR Change Transformation Consultant to join them on a permanent basis as part of their internal HR Consulting function, leading and delivering HR and business Change projects across all areas of the business. This is a unique opportunity, ideal for a consultant looking to move inhouse or someone with a mix of HR Consulting / project management experience.  Managing complex, large scale, multiple dependency programmes of change across a number of business areas with the firm on a global basis.  Exposure to strategy, design and implementation of change across HR Function and operations structures on a global scale.  End to end project management of various projects across HR, in all areas and disciplines.  Engaging with HR Business Partners and Specialists to understand on an ongoing basis what change activities are either underway or are required going forward.  Provision of project management expertise, coaching and support for HR colleagues undertaking change activities. Ensure projects are set up for success, resourced appropriately (where possible) and are correctly documented.  Working with the HR Management team on an ongoing basis to agree key, strategic change projects and which projects will be prioritises / consolidated  Application of change management and control methods  Process reengineering and process analysis as required  Provide PMO support to the overall project inclusive of project logs, status reports, communication / project plans etc  General support for the HR Leadership team in the form of business analysis, process improvement or project management The successful candidate will have an extensive background in delivering HR related change and business change programmes, managing projects through to successful delivery and managing relationships and stakeholders at all levels, influencing and directing outcomes. Strong numeracy and statistical / business analysis skills are important (though technical support is embedded), project management and leadership skills are ideal  but not essential. They ideal candidate may have some consulting experience, which would be ideal but other backgrounds would be considered.	London, Greater London, Central London, East London, North London, South London, West London	London			Carr Lyons	HR & Recruitment Jobs	up to 75,000 + Bonus Benefits	75000	Personneltoday Jobs	1
153904	70830150	Heating Engineer  Aberdeen  Long Term  UK	Heating Engineer  Aberdeen  Long Term First People Solutions Ltd require Heating Engineers to work on a prestigious new development in Aberdeen. The project is due to last 18 months and up to **** men could be required at any one point. The hours of work are **** hours Monday to Friday. Our Client are a well established	Aberdeen, UK	Aberdeen				Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	14 - 15.50 per hour	28320	oilandgasjobsearch.com	0
153044	70782278	Unix Administrator  Unix, AIX, Solaris Redhat, Winchester, ****	Unix Administrator  Solaris, AIX, HP, Redhat, Winchester, ****k My client, a global bluechip based in Winchester, is currently seeking an experienced Unix Administrator to join an established team supporting mission critical Unix and AIX servers. The successful candidate for this position will take responsibility for providing technical support for mission critical Unix infrastructure. Any experience working within an ITIL environment will be considered advantageous, but this should not be considered essential. The ideal candidate for this position will have experience in the following areas: Solaris AIX Linux Redhat This organisation have a guaranteed pipeline of work for 10 years and are set to continue expanding aggressively, as such you will be working on cutting edge systems with superb scope for career progression. To apply for this fantastic opportunity please send me your CV ASAP Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/UnixAdministratorUnixAIXSolarisRedhatWinchester****_job****	Winchester Hampshire South East	Winchester		permanent	Aston Carter	IT Jobs	35000 - 45000 per annum + Benifits	40000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
240869	72670031	Operations Manager  food led pub restaurants  South East England	Operations Manager  Pub Restaurants  circa ****k plus car and pension. Brunning and Price, Good Pub Guide s Pub Group Of The Year 2013, are looking for an experienced Operations Manager to join their southern team, based out of Godalming, Surrey. With the majority of our food freshly made on the premises and constantly changing menus, we need someone who is not only comfortable with overseeing multi site operations, that must be a given, but who is also passionate and knowledgeable about fresh food, cask ales and wine. With responsibility for driving and developing a genuine mix of restaurants and food led pubs in the south east, you ll need to be a strong motivator and capable of overseeing either style of operation. Our menus, cask beers and wines are constantly changing and vary from site to site, so you need to be energetic with good attention to detail and love getting stuck into the product side of the business. Pride in our people, product, and premises is what makes us tick, but one cannot live on bread alone and this is a serious business. The successful candidate must be equally at ease and motivated by managing margins, controlling costs and delivering decent bottom line profits. If this sounds like your cup of tea then please send your CV and a covering letter telling us about you and what makes you tick to jan.bullenbrunningandprice.co.uk	Godalming, Surrey, UK, Surrey	Godalming			Brunning and Price	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	Salary package circa 55,000 plus car plus pension	55000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	1
206606	72121134	Independent Reviewing Officer Child Protection	Independent Reviewing Officer  Child Protection A client has a job vacancy for an Independent Reviewing Officer to work within a Child Protection Team based in Manchester. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour (limited company worker). Duties  Attending child protection conferences.  Carrying out looked after children reviews.  Chairing meetings. Requirements  You must have a relevant Social Work qualification (BA / MA Social Work / DipSW or equivalent), be professionally registered in the area you wish to work  SSSC for Scotland, CCW for Wales, NISCC for Northern Ireland or HCPC for England; and be eligible to work in the UK. Candidates applying to work in England can hold SSSC, CCW, NISCC or HCPC registration. All applicants must have at least 2 years experience as a senior social worker or an independent reviewing officer. Contact  This job is advertised by Carl Day, if you are interested in this position please click below to apply now. What you can expect from Sanctuary:  Support from a dedicated consultant with extensive social work experience  Choice of a variety of social work jobs throughout the UK within many specialism s  Excellent rates of pay  Automatic job alerts tailored to your requirements and experience  PAYE or LTD company payments  Excellent Referral Scheme  **** for each successfully placed referral About Sanctuary:  Preferred supplier to **** local authorities and organisations such as the NHS, Cafcass and the NSPCC  Headline sponsor of the highly prestigious Social Worker of the Year Awards  Specialist social work training division Sanctuary Training  We have our own DBS (formerly CRB) umbrella body, including faster online DBS applications  Double winners of the 2012 national Recruiter Awards for Excellence in the Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency and Best Client Service categories  We are sixtime winners of the Archant Recruitment awards	Manchester, Greater Manchester	Manchester		contract	Sanctuary Personnel	Social work Jobs	24 - 25/hour	47040	cv-library.co.uk	1
179860	71565583	Account Manager Dedicating Hosting	Account Manager  IT Sales / Dedicated Hosting Worcester Earnings potentially up to ****k per annum with OTE Account Manager  IT Sales / Dedicated Hosting, is required to join a leading Internet Service Provider. Managing the daytoday sales of multiaward winning Hosting services, you will be joining an international team supporting a EuropeWide business, helping to generate new sales in a customer focussed role. As an Account Manager within Dedicated Hosting, you will be expected to establish opportunities to sell awardwinning Hosting products to current clients and new customers. Realising new sales opportunities within existing clients from proactive outgoing calls, developing upsales to dedicated hosting services. The Account Manager  IT Sales / Dedicated Hosting will come from a strong sales background with ideally 5 years prior experience in an IT sales environment. Resilient and driven with a desire to achieve targets to maximise earning potential, the Account Manager  IT / Dedicated Hosting will excel in a target driven environment. If you have previous experience in Sales and Account Management in IT, with particular focus on Hosting services and are interested in this position, please apply now. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/AccountManagerDedicatingHosting_job****	Worcester Worcestershire West Midlands	Worcester		permanent	Randstad Technologies	IT Jobs	20000.00 - 32000.00 per annum	26000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
189405	71709874	HV Commissioning Engineer	My client is a leading engineering organisation who are market leaders in power networks across the uk. We are currently seeking Commissioning engineers on a permanent basis. This is an excellent opportunity to get into one of the largest energy companies in the world and will provide you with a structured career path. This role has become available due to the massive increase in work within transmission networks across the UK. The position is a commissioning engineer role and requires overseeing and coordinating activities on site. It is expected that you will complete the commissioning activities within time constraints with adhering to H S and CDM regulations. Candidates are expected to have previous experience in commissioning transmission substations ****KV****KV. It is expected that you will also have a minimum of an HNC/HND.	London,Wakefield,Scotland,Birmingham	London		permanent	Pinnacle Recruitment Ltd	Engineering Jobs	60,000	60000	justengineers.net	1
187902	71685253	Lead Java Developer Solution Architect	My client, an eCommerce platform provider, is looking for an outstanding Java Developer to lead a successful team. As an eCommerce technology business, this opportunity offers constant exposure to new exciting technologies and an inbuilt career path that is inherent with a rapidly expanding organisation. As an experienced Lead Java Developer within the Professional Services team, the successful candidate will be working to design, develop and deliver world class solutions built upon their enterprise eCommerce platform. You will participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle including planning, technical design, construction, peer reviews, documentation, testing and deployment. The ideal candidate will be passionate about technology with a senior level of Java expertise in their field that surpasses the average. They will also be actionoriented and flexible, with exceptional communication skills and previous experience of leading a team of developers. They will have an indepth knowledge and extensive experience (over **** yrs) of Java/J****EE web application development, Java application servers (Tomcat, WebSphere etc), an industry recognized RDBMS (Oracle, SQL Server etc) as well as recent, relevant experience working within frameworks such as Spring, Hibernate and Eclipse. Excellent written and spoken English is essential. This role offers a fantastic opportunity to progress into a Solution Architect role in a short period of time, for the right candidate. There may also be occasional European travel involved.	Reading,Berkshire,Slough,Maidenhead,Oxfordshire,Henley,Newbury	UK		permanent	Mobilus Ltd	IT Jobs	60k+	60000	jobsite.co.uk	1
65017	68709253	Traffic Operator	BJD have been engaged to find a multilingual European Transport Operator for a well established logistics company based in Kettering. Salary ****  **** The Company The company is a wellestablished and respected transport company that are a wellknown, wellbranded and sought after logistics company covering air, ocean and road operations. The Role As European transport operator you will be a vital part of the team organising and supporting key elements of the European transport operations. Hours of work are ****:00AM  ****:00PM Monday  Friday and occasional Saturday mornings. Key Responsibilities  Plan all European export freight.  Price all daily European exports.  Receive and resolve all European delivery queries.  File all out turn and manifests on a daily basis.  Track freight and deliveries as required.  Liaise with our partners and internal departments to provide a high level of service.  Assist the management when required.  Help maintain a safe working environment in line with H S Act **** The Person You be an experienced transport operator working within pan European operations who is looking to further your career and skills within this industry. You must have experience in the following:  Be multilingual in any of the eastern European languages.  Transport planning  Good geographical knowledge of the UK and Ireland.  Effective communication  Strong administrative skills  To develop an understanding of services and standards.  A good general awareness of transport legislation including drivers hours and vehicle weight limits. Location Easily commutable from: Market Harborough Corby Wellingborough Northampton Rugby Huntingdon Kempston Lutterworth Package and Prospects The opportunity to build your skills is a well established and stable company. Work with an excellent company who are focused on developing talent with a salary of between **** and **** As the leading Logistics, Supply Chain, Purchasing and Production recruitment specialist we provide a range of services tailored to deliver resourcing solutions to clients needs. If you are interested please email or phone me quoting Reference DW/**** Not the right role for you? On the web site you will find this and many other exclusive management opportunities in Logistics, Supply Chain, ECommerce, Purchasing and Production. Tell a friend. Please feel free to pass this to a relevant person who can View and apply via our website. Our award winning website contains unique and invaluable career development information plus a candidate controlled Auto Email facility that will send you details of vacancies that match your preselected criteria as soon as they are placed on the site. Visit bjdgroup.com to set up your free subscription now. Ref: DW/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TrafficOperator_job****	Kettering Northamptonshire East Midlands	Kettering		permanent	The BJD Group Ltd	Other/General Jobs	19000 - 22000 per annum	20500	totaljobs.com	0
201429	71873524	Junior Creative Team	A leading integrated agency are looking for a junior creative team to join their successful and growing company. You will mainly work on integrated, direct and digital projects so you must be able to talk through and demonstrate related work. As a duo, you will have a great portfolio and be passionate about digital and coming up with creative ideas that go above and beyond. You will be hungry to be a part of an extremely talented team where you can learn and develop your skills both as a team and an individual. This is a great opportunity for any team who are looking to move into the next step in their career, where they can develop as a team and work on some really exciting, market leading brands. For more information, please get in touch Salary: ****k Email: katy.rossmajorplayers.co.uk	Greater London	London	full_time	permanent	MAJOR PLAYERS	Teaching Jobs	22000 - 28000 per annum	25000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
107053	69594723	Mobile Gas / Combustion Engineer	Mobile Gas / Combustion Engineer A full time vacancy has arisen for a Mobile Gas / PPM Engineer reporting to the M E Contracts Manager. Essentially the role is to operate within the team with a focus on Boiler Maintenance and PPM/Response callouts for the mobile and manned sites across the contract portfolio in the Aberdeen Region. Callout ROTA is also a requirement. Strong paperwork skills are a requirement as well as a strong ability for Customer Service. Engineer will have responsibility to carry out Planned Maintenance with minimal supervision and maximum results. Essential Skills: Applicants must be able to demonstrate the following:  Good mechanical knowledge  Proven track record for completion of mechanical maintenance  Industry Domestic/Commercial Qualification  Basic Electrical Competence/Qualification  Good communication skills  Good organisational skills  Successfully working with minimal supervision This is a hands on role and would suit an individual that can work using their own initiative and have a proactive approach to undertake all tasks required. A conscientious and reliable team player and someone that has excellent interpersonal and communication skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileGasCombustionEngineer_job****	Aberdeen Aberdeenshire Scotland	Aberdeen		permanent	FACILITY ASSOCIATES RECRUITMENT LTD	Engineering Jobs	From 30,000 to 32,000 per annum	31000	totaljobs.com	0
76032	69005263	QTS Qualified Science Teachers Wanted	Total Assist Education is urgently requesting CV s from QTS qualified Science Teachers for long term vacancies located in London within main stream schools, SEN schools and units (PRU s). We request that all applicants have a PGCE and qualified teacher status in the UK. The positions available will commence ASAP for successful candidates. To also meet the criteria you must have a current CRB and suitable references. If you are interested in applying then please email your CV without delay to jontotalassist.net	London	London		contract	Total Assist	Teaching Jobs	135 - 155/day	34800	cv-library.co.uk	0
156671	71097119	Anaesthetics Practitioner  Stirling	Position: Theatre Practitioner Anaesthetics Salary: Up to **** Location: Stirling A hospital in Stirling which is part of one of the UK’s leading providers of private healthcare has a job available for an Anaesthetics Practitioner. The main purpose of your job will be to provide the highest level of care for patients at the peri operative stage and also to support management. Other areas of your role will include:Checking and preparing all anaesthetic equipment, drugs and consumablesWorking alongside the anaesthetistAdministering drugs and fluidsMonitoring patients conditionsCompleting all reports and documentations It is essential that you are a registered practitioner with either the NMC or HPC and have attended and anaesthetic course. If you meet the following criteria and wish to apply then please send your cv to Simon Lazarus	Stirling	Stirling	full_time		Search Consultancy Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	27,000/Year	27000	staffnurse.com	0
57280	68684953	Business Travel Consultant	AMAZING LEISURE TO BUSINESS TRAVEL CONSULTANT ROLE FOR 2013 Galileo essential for this role If you feel you've come to the end of your leisure travel career and want to make the move in to the challenging move in to being a business travel consultant then you could be just about to apply for your dream job… A fantastic company are looking for a junior business travel consultant to join their team and help look after their corporate clients. In a great location close to the city centre you’ll find this company supportive with fantastic benefits and a real passion for excellent customer service. Booking all aspects of business travel for corporate clients you’ll be handling multi sector itineraries, matching your clients budgets and making sure you provide nothing but the best when it comes to customer service. Junior business Travel Consultant – remuneration package All the benefits of working for a top business house, including Very competitive salary Outstanding discounts on flights, accommodation, spa treatments, hotels and car hire Excellent FAM trips Monday to Friday only Generous holiday allowance and company benefits scheme Junior Business Travel Consultant  what do you need to apply? Previous travel experience either business travel, airline or leisure Excellent communication skills written and verbal Good telephone manner Attention to detail and the ability to think on your feet GDS system knowledge The drive and passion to want to carve a career for yourself working for one of the best known companies in the industry If you have the skills, enthusiasm and motivation to take on a challenge, please send your CV to Emma immediately and good luck If you questions regarding the role please call **** **** **** to speak to Emma. PLEASE NOTE It is unlawful to employ a person in a UKbased job who does not have permission to live and work in the UK. You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. For all the latest Business Travel jobs log on to www.newfrontiers.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessTravelConsultant_job****	Bristol Avon South West	UK		permanent	New Frontiers	Travel Jobs	14k - 18k per year + Training	16000	totaljobs.com	0
21245	67301471	Carpentry Lecturer	Our client is looking to appoint an experienced lecturer and enthusiastic team player to contribute to the delivery and development of the Carpentry & Joinery program. You will ideally have a recognised teaching qualification, a level 3 qualification in Carpentry and at least 3 years of professional experience. You will be flexible, and have good organisational, teamwork and communication skills	East London, London	East London		contract	Provision Recruitment Ltd	Teaching Jobs	23 - 25/hour	46080	cv-library.co.uk	1
84034	69065730	Sales Ledger Assistant	Job is Sales Ledger Assistant, to work for growing IT organisation. You will be reporting in to the Credit Control Supervisor, and will be fully responsible for the whole invoicing function. Ideally you will have some experience in an accounts function, you will be very IT literate (including excel) and you will be used to dealing with people at all levels. You should be able to show:  Experience in accounts team, preferably receivables  Excellent numeracy skills  Strong use of excel  Good attention to detail  Confident communication skills Please call Geraldine on **** **** to find out more about this role Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Maidenhead	Maidenhead		permanent	Hays Credit Management	Accounting & Finance Jobs	20000.00 - 22000.00 per annum	21000	jobsincredit.com	0
219175	72339847	Production Manager (Manufacturing)	THE ROLE: Our client based in South Yorkshire are looking for an experienced Production Manager to work in a medium sized manufacturing production facility. PURPOSE: The purpose of this position is to ensure the smooth running of the Production shop floor in order that the end product meets customers requirements on time, every time, at the right quality and service expected by the customer. To ensure all relevant budget and KPI targets are achieved. MAIN DUTIES  Organisation and management of personnel.  Daily / weekly Production meetings with Managers.  Organise materials and resources in conjunction with Purchasing to satisfy production plans.  Implementing the production plans in conjunction with Production Planning.  Maintain Production targets in each area ensuring all targets are up to date and achieved.  Management of Preventative Maintenance schedule in line with PM Manager.  Responsibility for monitoring scrap and complaints and implementation of preventative and corrective actions  Maintain KPI s and general notices on all notice boards.  Collation of all shift reports, production, scrap and OEE information.  Maintain Training Matrices in each production department.  Organisation and supervision of Supervisor / Managers briefings and production employee communication in general.  Lead Continuous Improvement Teams as necessary.  Ensure employee and contractor compliance with all Health, Safety and Environmental policies and procedures.  Initiate action to prevent the occurrence of any nonconformity s related to product, process and / or the system.  Identify and / or record any problems relating to the product, process and the management system.  Initiate, recommend or provide solutions through designated channels.  Verify the implementation of solutions.  Control further processing, delivery or installation of nonconforming product until the deficiency or unsatisfactory condition has been corrected.  To identify and meet employee training needs  To maintain a high standard of customer care and to contribute towards the development of a culture of customer service excellence within the organisation.  To make suggestions that will drive forward performance, promote value for money, challenge and help resolve service delivery problems.  To implement and monitor systems & methods of control, ensuring the effective use of labour and materials linked to Key Business Performance Measures, formulating data the Senior Management team members to review.  Working with the CI / Quality Manager to ensure CI techniques are employed throughout the business, assist in the development of a lean manufacturing culture.  Liaise with Maintenance sections on all relevant product and machinery development, PPM and general machine moves.  Ensure the quality systems and procedures are monitored, audited and maintained. SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED:  Excellent ManManagement skills.  Must have Production/Manufacturing Management experience.  Ability to communicate at all levels and lead change.  Promotion of employee involvement, development & recognition.  Ability to organise oneself through effective time management and to organise others.  PC literate using Microsoft Office, particularly Excel with the ability to formulate data/analyse figures  Commercial awareness and knowledge of budgetary process.  Knowledge and experience of Health & Safety is a requirement  Ability to ensure policies and procedures are followed and targets reached ensuring appropriate prioritisation.  Thorough understanding of quality systems and procedures.  Commitment to and knowledge of CI / Lean Manufacturing principles  Experience of implementing PPM and TPM practices.  To possess commercial awareness and ensure manner is professional at all times. THE HOURS Monday to Friday (days). THE PACKAGE You Will be paid a basic salary of between **** and **** / annum (depending on experience), plus other benefits	Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham, Sheffield, South Yorkshir	UK		permanent	Questech Recruitment Ltd	Manufacturing Jobs	36000 - 38000/annum 36k to 38k plus benefits	37000	cv-library.co.uk	0
86035	69084237	Fire Alarm Service Engineer	My client is an established fire protection systems provider who are currently recruiting for an experienced Fire Alarm Service Engineer in the South West London/Surrey area. The role will be field based, covering sites in and around this region. In addition, it will involve servicing and maintenance work on addressable and conventional alarms, emergency lighting and a small amount of servicing extinguishers. The successful candidate will possess the following:  Experience in servicing and maintenance of Fire Alarms and Emergency Lighting  Basic knowledge of servicing Fire Extinguishers  Small works on Fire Alarms Benefits include van, fuel card and excellent earning potential with travel paid after **** hour, paid overtime and callout	Kingston upon Thames, Surrey	UK		permanent	Technical Resources Ltd	Engineering Jobs	22000 - 26000/annum	24000	cv-library.co.uk	0
218810	72338543	Major Loss HNW Adjuster (AFCILA)	Our Loss Adjusting client is looking for a Major Loss HNW Adjuster to work from home and operate throughout the North London / Herts regions as required. You will ideally be AFCILA qualified and boast previous HNW or large domestic loss adjusting experience. You handle principally HNW losses, working closely with colleagues incorporating other CILA qualified Adjusters, Chartered Accountants, Surveyors, Engineers (structural, civil, electrical, mechanical) etc. You will typically be a team player; be energetic, determined, professional and take a great pride in your work. This is a fantastic opportunity working for a highly regarded International Loss Adjusting organisation. Applicants should forward their CV s to Martin Porthouse at Exchange Street Manchester office; (url removed) / (Apply online only) Ext **** Job Ref: MPO **** For all other vacancies, take a look at our website  (url removed)	North London, London	North London		permanent	Exchange Street Executive Search	Accounting & Finance Jobs	40000 - 60000/annum Car, Bonus, Benefits etc	50000	cv-library.co.uk	1
210425	72184211	Nurses: RGN / RMN / RNLD  Doncaster	Immediate Fulltime and Parttime hours availableThe SWIIS Benefits: ******** per hour (Dependent on Banding) **** bonus after first **** hours Up to **** referafriend bonus Free CRB Free uniform Free immunisation Free training Ongoing professional development Excellent outofhours management supportSWIIS urgently requires experienced Registered Nurses (RGN / RMN / RNLD) for elderly, mental health and learning disabilities residential roles within in the Doncaster area.These are temporary positions, with range of adhoc shifts, short and longerterm projects available. Requirements: Current NMC registration At least **** year of paid postqualification nursing experience in a relevant setting Excellent communication skills Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users Dedication to continued professional and personal developmentIf you have the skills to be successful in this role, please submit a comprehensive, uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. Incomplete CVs will result in delays in the processing of your registration.SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer. Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply. Bonuses apply to qualified nurses only.	Doncaster	Doncaster	part_time		Swiis Healthcare	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	15.00 - 19.00/Hour	32640	staffnurse.com	0
36106	68242178	Credit Controller	An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Credit Controller within a dynamic team at a multinational insurance company. The successful Credit Controller will ensure effective credit control of an assigned group of accounts, maximise cashflow and minimise bad debt whilst contributing to the overall profitability of the branch. Responsibilities will include: • Credit control in respect of assigned accounts • Cash allocation and reconciliation • Cashflow management • Resolving accounts queries externally with brokers or reinsurers and internally with underwriting, claims, reinsurance or operations departments • Ensuring best practice credit control procedures are operated to ensure terms of trade are met The ideal candidate will: • Have experience within the Lloyd's and general insurance market in a Reinsurance credit control environment • Have excellent communication and interpersonal skills • Have good organisational and administrative ability including effective time management • Have commercial awareness and business acumen • Possess an ability to use Excel and Word to an intermediate skill level Should you possess the above essential skills and wish to be considered for this position then please forward your CV immediately. Venn Group acts as an employment agency and an employment business.	London	London	full_time	permanent	Venn Group	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 28,000 to 30,000 per year	29000	GAAPweb	0
71650	68836813	SAP FUNCTIONAL EXPERT	SAP Functional Expert Hampshire, Salary competitive A global fast moving consumer goods brand seeks to appoint an SAP Functional Expert in order to enhance functionality across multiple SAP processes. We are looking for skills and experience in the following areas: Hands on SAP ERP configuration experience. Minimum 3 years experience across SRM and SCM. Understanding of ECC, APODP, Financials, MM, BCM, SD, QM, PPPI, WM, EAM, GATP, PI, SOP, Supplier Self Service, BW, BEX, IP, BPS. This is a permanent position with a well known brand. On offer is a competitive salary (negotiable dependant on experience) and excellent benefits package. Contact Steve Winship at Progressive SAP, on **** **** **** to apply and for further information.To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com	Christchurch Dorset South West	Christchurch		permanent		IT Jobs	55000	55000	technojobs.co.uk	1
89015	69145890	Cleaner	This vacancy is being displayed by Frontline who operate as an employment business. Cleaners required for part time evening hours at locations in Oxford. You will be expected to do **** hour shifts, and you can choose to start them between 6pm and 8pm. Shifts will result in **** to 21 hours per week. Temporary work, immediate start, continuation based on performance. You must have previous experience of cleaning office and commercial environments, be trustworthy and able to carry out tasks without prior instruction.	Oxford	Oxford	part_time			Maintenance Jobs	6.14 - 6.94 per hour	12556	Jobcentre Plus	0
44989	68536936	Senior Staff Nurse  London	Registered General Nurse  Band 6 Senior Staff Nurse/Sister****  ****West LondonPULSE is currently recruiting a Band 6 or higherlevel Registered General Nurse for a unique and challenging role within a leading immigration removal centre. Working within the healthcare unit, across both the inpatient and primary care services the successful candidate will work alongside the Clinical Lead/Unit Manager. The purpose of this role is to enhance and expand the centres healthcare offering. Focus areas include but are not limited to: Quality Standards & Excellence Clinical Governance Training and Education requirements of nursing staff – theory and clinical Developing prescribing Contributing to the delivery of primary care and inpatient healthcare – a hands on approach and working clinically within your team Staff Management Nurses will be working within a secure/locked environment, and although experience in this setting is not essential, you will have 35 years nursing experience within an acute environment and experience within A&E and/or Prison Nursing would be highly desirable. You will also demonstrate previous leadership skills and be keen to work with challenging behaviours and have the ability to work under pressure. Due to the secure nature of this role the following will apply to all applicants: Nurses must have valid NMC registration You must hold an EU passport or be a Commonwealth Citizen Be prepared to under higher level security checks in addition to an enhanced CRB If you are interested in this exciting and new opportunity and have been looking for “that next step” then please contact Jo today on **** **** **** or jo.berrypulsejobs.com	London	London	full_time		PULSE	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	34,000 - 35,000/Year	34500	staffnurse.com	0
213119	72234683	PR Account Director  Consumer & Trade PR  Milton Keynes	A massively successful and growing fullservice PR and Communications agency with an excellent reputation has a unique opening for an Account Director to join their growing team in Milton Keynes. With a dedicated and talented team, this is an excellent agency to work for. The successful candidate will be hands on and will also motivate and guide the account team on the daytoday running of several Consumer PR and Trade PR accounts. Providing senior council on public relations strategy in order to develop and deliver engaging and influential campaigns is also integral to this mixed consumer and trade PR position. The Account Director will take an active lead and be responsible for client relationships, PR strategy, line management and weekly workload planning. They will also offer creative ideas and be integral to the development of campaigns, providing quality control for written communications and coordinating press information. Reporting to the Managing Director, the new Account Director will be a proactive, organised and energetic individual with experience in a similar PR position. In order to be considered for this position you must have:  A successful track record working on Consumer PR and Trade PR accounts within an agency environment (the agency will consider candidates coming from an inhouse background as long as they have previous PR agency experience)  Creativity and the ability to think laterally  The ability to manage client relationships, arrange meetings, organise events (such as press conferences and coordinate media events)  The ability to write cogently, accurately and with flair (journalism experience is considered desirable)  Drive and motivation, along with a genuine passion for both consumer and trade PR.  Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to line manage with maturity, humour and authority  A detailed understanding of social media and digital marketing (and their uses)  Financial management/budgeting ability  A full, current driving license If you fit the criteria outlined in this advertisement and you want to embark upon an exciting new challenge within a successful Milton Keynes based agency, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk Account Director, Senior Account Director, Senior Account Manager, Consumer Public Relations, Consumer PR, Trade PR, Public Relations, London. Account Director, Senior Account Director, Senior Account Manager, Consumer Public Relations, Consumer PR, Trade PR, Public Relations, London. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRAccountDirectorConsumerTradePRMiltonKeynes_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Fresh Connect Recruitment	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	40000 - 50000 per annum	45000	totaljobs.com	1
55571	68679946	Senior Account Manager	We are looking for a top 5 RAR agency to find them a fantastic senior account manager with IT/TECH channel marketing experience . The company Inspiring creativity and intelligent technology for successful digital marketing. They develop marketing and sales content for large multinational organisations primarily in the B2B arena. This content is utilised across digital, social and mobile communications channels. Communications are delivered through Volume’s own digital content delivery platform, bespoke web/mobile applications and all mainstream emerging social networks. This enables clients to rapidly and costeffectively deploy integrated campaigns and synchronised business programmes across numerous media channels through a fully managed, measured and scalable resource. They support industryleading organisations across the world and in over 140 countries. Reports to Group Account Director The role is ‘ Senior Account Manager’ manages the development and production of agency jobs; working independently under general supervision from the Group Account Director/Account Director. Their assignments are inclusive of operations and financial management elements. They are in daily contact with clients and teammembers, face to face, by phone and in writing. They are the representation of the agency with the client and should present a confident, knowledgeable and smart image. Senior Account Managers should be knowledgeable in client markets and strategies as well as competitors’ activity and will share this knowledge with the members of the account team. They will use this same knowledge to provide strategic insight on an account and to generate new business opportunities with the client. Competencies • Analysis / Problem assessment • Communication • Customer Service Focus • Impact • Initiative • Meeting Facilitation / Meeting Leadership • Negotiation • Organisational Awareness • Persuasiveness / Sales Ability • Planning and Organising / Work Management • Teamwork / Collaboration • Technical / Professional Knowledge • Work Standards • Written Communication Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities • Take total responsibility for the control of all work for your clients, ensuring its timely progress through the agency and that it achieves and exceeds the expectations of your clients. • Ensure through efficient administration systems and close monitoring of suppliers that all jobs are carried out efficiently and to a high standard. • Be confident in building relationships with clients. • Provide client with confidence that the agency will meet the client’s own expectations in accuracy and quality. Ensure project quality and excellence. • Maintain, and from time to time review operational procedures being used on your clients. • Recommend and implement process improvement aligned to company goals. • Review all jobs on completion both internally through assessment and externally in a client summary or creative review. • Develop a central coordination role for your team providing accurate briefing and ensuring information is available when required by own team and other departments. • Be aware of and monitor client’s marketing activity and that of their competition, developing an understanding of market dynamics, and client/competitor strategies and objectives. • Work with the client to develop campaign plans. • Work with the client to develop Marcomms plans. • Ensure that all accounting procedures are efficiently adhered to for the agency and your clients. • Monitor accuracy of invoicing and payment of invoices by clients; maintain awareness of client expenditure month on month. Ensure profitability of projects. • Provide accurate information for Account Director’s or Client Services Director’s forecasts each month. • Anticipate and develop solutions to quality or cost problems. • Seek out profit and new sales opportunities. • Actively develop crossdepartment team spirit and involvement in your client’s activities. • Participate in client planning and development process. • Keep senior members of the team informed of details likely to affect the Client relationship. • Seek guidance of senior team or other Volume personnel where appropriate. • Demonstrate a good understanding of all aspects of marketing. • Participate in client presentations. • Identify new business opportunities with existing and new clients. • Train and mentor junior team members on daily tasks. • Such other comparable duties as may be required by the Company. The successful applicant will have • Have a marketing degree or be CIM qualified. • Have strong channel marketing experience • Have a minimum of three years’ experience in either a marketing agency with B2B clients • Have strong project management skills in order to deliver a number of campaigns on time and in budget simultaneously. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountManager_job****	Berkshire South East	Berkshire		permanent	Cream Creative Resources Management	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	From 40,000 to 45,000 per annum Good Bens	42500	totaljobs.com	0
160324	71185438	Procurement Consultant	I am currently looking for a Procurement Consultant based in Wales, with experience working in the public sector and significant knowledge of OJEU procurement regulations. The successful candidate will be required to lead on projects where he/she can identify savings and 'quick wins' can be implemented. To apply for this role you must be available immediately and have: Good generalist procurement knowledge in the public sector Significant OJEU knowledge Previous experience identifying and successfully implementing savings across the public sector This requirement is initially for 6 months. Capita Resourcing Limited, part of the Capita Group Plc, offers services of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcurementConsultant_job****	Wales	Wales		contract	Capita Resourcing Maidenhead	Other/General Jobs	260 - 380 per day	76800	totaljobs.com	1
99630	69537315	Accounts Assistant	Job Title : Accounts Assistant Location : Birmingham, West Midlands Salary : ****K pro rata Working a leading supplier of Orthopeadic, Podiatry Must have extremely communication skills, both written Significant working knowledge of Sage Excellent working knowledge of Excel The role: Sales Ledger:  Customer remittance posting to ledger  Cheques Banking  Matching customer receipts from the banking sheets  Chasing the remittances  Dealing customer queries like copy invoices etc  Customer statements printing and sending them on monthly basis (1st week of every month)  Occasionally chasing the customer accounts as per instruction from IA Purchase Ledger:  Matching PO with GRN and then purchase invoices  Posting the purchase invoices into sage system after approval  Reconciling supplier statements with their purchase ledger  Monthly Payment run, writing the cheques and posting them to the supplier.  All purchase payments processing in the sage system (cheques, Bacs or Foreign)  Dealing with supplier queries regarding outstanding account. Banking:  Daily Banking sheets matching all the receipts and payments within sage  Monthly Bank reconciliation upon receiving the bank statements  Keeping track of P. Cash expenses updating and processing  Keeping track of credit card expenses and matching with the monthly credit card statements and processing in the system. Other:  Calculating buy in prices / price pr metre sq etc  Calculating sales prices /margins  Modelling pricing scenarios  Checking and updating existing product prices  Calculating global and individual product cost  Keeping and maintaining the account filings as a part of all accounting tasks.  Answering the phone when in the office. Please apply online with your CV and covering letter	Birmingham, West Midlands	Birmingham		permanent	Simplified Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	18000/annum 18K pro rata	18000	cv-library.co.uk	0
115716	69771714	Digital Account Director  London	Digital Account Director  London Our client is a leading International Digital Agency and they are synonymous with delivering cutting edge strategic and creative campaigns on behalf of their diverse array of well known international brands. They are putting the feelers out for a cracking Digital AD to join wht business with the following objectives  Manage and grow one or more accounts with an agreed target revenue for each account Own customer satisfaction (from escalation to resolution) within named accounts Develop and maintain a sound knowledge of the customers market and industry to identify new ideas and opportunities appropriate to the customers business Develop and maintain effective customer relationships including managing expectations and proactively communicating risk, to facilitate further business opportunities Work with multidisciplinary teams within the agency to successfully deliver to client expectations Where required work with and at times manage external agencies that are contracted to deliver to named accounts Prepare regular account plans, revenue projections and forecasts (to the agreed format & timetable)) for internal use Effectively manage all financial aspects of the client relationship working with internal teams to prepare estimates, invoicing and ensure timely payment COMPETENCIES/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Proven experience managing and developing commercial projects for blue chip clients within the digital space Account experience with large scale businesses across Global and/or Pan European campaigns ideal. Ability to understand and be conversant in a clients' technology and market Track record of successfully developing accounts and meeting revenue targets Familiarity with the development of web sites (ideally experience of content managed solution development) and business critical online applications Customer Management Commercial acumen Mental agility Leadership Results focussed	City of London, England	The City				PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	50000 - 60000 per annum	55000	onlymarketingjobs.com	1
175173	71443864	Database Developer SQL Server, TSQL, SSIS, CRM	Database Developer SQL Server, TSQL, SSIS, CRM, ECommerce 6 month contract  **** per day  London For this globally renowned ecommerce brand, a new opportunity exists for an accomplished SQL Server Database Developer to work within technology for the CRM team database needs and products. The main part of the role is Database development on SQL Server and to be the link between technology and CRM teams. There is also a more strategic aspect to the role whereby the successful candidate will help strategy development for new database solutions and other future integration opportunities. This role would suit an accomplished graduate calibre database developer who has experience of working on CRM projects with extensive collaboration with marketing teams and therefore as well strong technical skills (SQL Server 2005 onwards with advances TSQL SSIS skills, Experience of performance tuning particularly with regards to use of adhoc SQL and stored procedures) you should demonstrate highly polished communication / interpersonal skills. Knowledge/experience of working with email service providers (e.g. ExactTarget, Responsys) and /or experience using campaign management tools (e.g. Unica, SAS) would be regarded as highly beneficial. Experience in using customer data to drive business results would also be useful	City of London	The City		contract	Networking People  Limited	IT Jobs	300 - 330 p day	75600	jobsite.co.uk	1
82172	69038526	Snr PHP Developer	Our client, a prestigious IT Services Company based in Bedford, Bedfordshire, seeks a Senior PHP Developer. The Organisation: Well established client that has gained an outstanding reputation in business, education and government for providing quality learning solutions for all users, and offer an unequalled level of expertise, experience, and support to their clients. Over **** organisations worldwide their solutions to improve their knowledge and skill base, and are proud of our reputation for providing quality products and services aligned with unparalleled levels of customer support. The Role: The Developer will be responsible for the day to day management, development and support of our key systems and support services. This role encompasses both the support and development of existing systems as well as implementing new and improved versions, working closely with the Development Manager and liaising with internal teams and external partners. Key Responsibilities include:  Developing codeline in PHP and other languages, and managing, maintaining and supporting MySQL.  Making recommendations/optimisations and decisions on key core systems and applications.  Research, recommend and implement solutions to conflicts, interferences and errors/omissions with key core business systems and applications.  Liaise with subcontractors in expediting content deliverables, and monitor field work, including contract work, to ensure compliance with specifications and codes.  Maintain and update development documentation.  Assist with submittals to client and/or internal dependencies.  Lead the research and preparation of change requests to resolve design issues.  Conduct quality control activities in accordance with instructions, inspection programs, using specified control measuring and testing equipment.  Prepare documents, plans and designs to support project office work. Our requirements: The successful candidate will be/possess:  Educated preferably to degree level in a complimentary qualification, e.g. Computer Science, Computing or Software design.  At least 2 years’ fulltime development experience in a team environment.  Proven commercial project experience involving a minimum of PHP, MySQL and XML  The ability to confidently and correctly answer questions relating to frameworks and object orientation  Proactive at identifying problems and proposing solutions and improvements  An effective and professional communicator, both orally and in writing, in both a technical and nontechnical way.  Knowledge of Linux (Red hat/ Cisco / LPIC certification), PHP, MySQL and XML, Open Source contribution / portfolio. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SnrPHPDeveloper_job****	Bedford Bedfordshire South East	UK		permanent	DMS Computer Recruitment	IT Jobs	From 30,000 to 35,000 per annum	32500	cwjobs.co.uk	0
23123	67442353	Sous Chef	The Kings Head is a successful popular town pub restaurant in the centre of Holt. The restaurant 'Steak' features an open Kitchen and charcoal barbecue. Adam Chapman the Head Chef is seeking a professional Sous Chef with experience of working within a busy and successful Kitchen,who enjoys preparing dishes from fresh local produce. The main duties include, preparing cooking and presenting dishes, planning the work schedule for other members of the team, monitoring stock and maintaining high standards of cleanliness throughout the Kitchen. A salary of up to **** p.a plus tips 28 days paid holiday Additional training and career development is available. View the web site and apply on line www.kingsheadholt.org.uk or contact Jolyon Gough **** T e	Holt	Holt	full_time		Byfords	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	19,000.00 - 20,000.00 per year Shared Tips	19500	Jobcentre Plus	0
24120	67639075	Internal Account Manager	Our clients based in Woking are currently looking for a experienced Internal Account Manager. Applicants must have previous experience managing key accounts within the channel distributor or reseller, have some business development experience, be able to provide evidence of achieving and exceeding targets and have some IT Security experience. The role will involve achieving and exceeding margin targets agreed with the Sales Office Manager, ensuring all accounts are managed professionally and that you have documented account plans for each of your key accounts. Applicants must have knowledge of IT Security products, experience in Word, Excel, Outlook and Exchange and have proven experience within a sales role. Please only apply if you have the relevant experience for this position	Woking, Surrey, England, Surrey	Woking		permanent	Personnel Selection	Sales Jobs	18000 - 20000/annum + 30,000- 32,000 OTE, Bupa, Pens	19000	cv-library.co.uk	0
209181	72169839	Registered Manager  Elderly Care Home	Registered Manager  Elderly Care Home An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Registered Manager to join an established company who own care homes for the elderly in various locations in the UK. They have just opened a state of art new care home in the Hertfordshire area and are looking to recruit a Registered Manager with a strong background in managing care homes for the elderly The Registered Manager will be responsible for the efficient and effective management of the Care Home whilst ensuring a safe, caring and stimulating environment is created for the service users and their visitors KEY RESPONSIBILITIES To maintain all records required by the Company including those records that must be maintained under the Care Standards Act **** Responsible for the recruitment, retention and development of staff within the Home, ensuring staffing levels are maintained and costs are kept within budget limits. Ultimately responsible for the overall services provided to service users through well trained, competent and committed staff, ensuring the delivery of high standards of personal care and hotel services throughout the Home. Monitor standards of all staff and provide opportunities for them to comply with education and training requirements. To demonstrate skills in recruitment, induction and ongoing development of trained and untrained staff included in the personnel policy of the Home to minimise the use of agency staff. Act as a focal point for contact with service users, their relatives and visitors, as well as health and social care professionals involved in service user s wellbeing, ensuring that any reasonable requests are acted upon and concerns or complaints are promptly investigated and dealt with appropriately. Provide a safe and health promoting environment for service users, visitors and staff, consistent with all Health and Safety legislation and formal advice, including Risk Assessment, COSHH, Moving and Handling, Food Hygiene, Fire Safety and appropriate recording notification and investigation of untoward incidents and accidents including RIDDOR. Maintain good relationships with the Registration Authority complying with registration requirements, representing the Home as the Responsible Person , where necessary seeking their advice and negotiating changes to achieve mutually acceptable solutions to any issues affect registration. Responsible for proactive marketing of the Home to existing and potential service users and their carers, as well as health and social care professionals responsible for the referral of service users, to ensure maximum occupancy is consistently achieved. Maximise income by setting optimum achievable levels of private fees and premiums, as well as providing advice to potential service users on access to possible funding and funding agencies. Ensure Company procedures are fully implemented to achieve sound financial performance. Ensure that all qualified staff maintains their registration in line with current NMC requirements. Ensure that an effective communication system exists within the unit so that all staff members work as a team. To recognise the need for staff development and to contribute effectively to staff meetings and staff training. To motivate and appraise staff. Responsible for purchasing, stock and budgetary control of all consumable items, required for the day to day operation of services throughout the Home to meet budgeted performance targets for all items of controllable expenditure The successful candidate must have a positive attitude to develop staff and enhance care of the residents. You must demonstrate a working knowledge of CQC legislation. A qualified RGN/RMN would be advantageous although not essential This is an excellent opportunity for an established Registered Manager to be involved in the opening of a new home whilst having the confidence in being part of a well established company Please call Meena on **** **** **** to discuss this and other positions or email your CV to m.sangarcaritasrecruitment.com	Hertfordshire, Greater London, North London, West London, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Bedfordshire, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, East 	London			Caritas Recruitment	Social work Jobs	45000	45000	jobs.communitycare.co.uk	1
176567	71471557	Principal (Team Leader) IP Network Engineer/Architect (CCIE/CCIP), Reading	ccie ccip architect cisco IP Principal (Team Leader) IP Network Engineer/Architect (CCIE/CCIP), Reading Up to ****k/****k base plus benefits Overview: Our client is an integrated voice, data and collaboration solutions provider. Specialising in managed networks and hosted applications, they deliver private cloud access as well as secure cloud based applications. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Principal or Senior Network Engineer to join our team. This position would suit a high calibre networking professional with excellent Cisco router, switching and technical skills looking to further their career with a dynamic company. Purpose: The role is two fold **** Team Leader and supervision of the IP Network Engineering Team (currently **** engineers) including ? Work allocation and supervision ? Setting objectives, agreeing training/development and performance reviews ? Handling escalations ? Supplier Management of 3rd party suppliers including BT Wholesale, Virgin Media, Cogent and Next Connex 2. Handson IP Network design and ongoing support of the IP network solutions including ? Core network architecture (HLD) and design (LLD) and maintenance ? Standard and bespoke customer networking solutions Interconnects with other network service providers ? New service offer (product) development Key Stakeholder Interfaces: In the role you will work closely with a number of key stakeholders: ? Direct reports in the Network Engineering and colleagues in Application Engineering team ? Customers, Sales team and Technical presales consultancy solution architects ? Customer Services Team (****t line Support and Provisioning) ? Communication providers including BT Wholesale, VMB, TTB, Level3, Cogent, Tata and Next Connex ? Equipment suppliers including Cisco, Extreme, Draytek, Virtual Access, ZyXEL and Huawei Responsibilities: Your duties will include: ? Managing, developing and retaining a small IP Network Engineering team ? Technical ownership of backbone and access layer network ? Design, testing, support, configuration, interconnects implementation and upgrades ? Design and maintenance of bespoke customer network solutionsCustomer liaison to resolve issues (passed by 1st line) and offer proactive technical support ? Working with suppliers and partners to resolve complex technical service issues ? Testing of new products and services that may be a component of a bespoke solution or standard new service offer ? Development (and staff training) of tools that may be used to help provision, manage or troubleshoot the network Essential Skills: 1. Team Leadership 2. Technical skills centred on excellent Cisco layer3 routing and layer2 switch and technology skills including: ? Hardware: Cisco ASR**** **** **** **** **** **** routers/switches ? Layer3 Protocols: MPLS, BGP, OSPF, IPv**** IPv**** TCP, UDP, NAT, NAT**** IPsec, SSL, RemoteVPN, GRE, DSCP, DNS, DNS**** L2TP, SNMP, DHCP, HSRP, SIP, 3G mobile ? Layer2 Protocols: Ethernet, ****q, ****x, STP, RSTP, PVST ? Technologies: LLU DSL, FTTC, EFM, ACL, ACS, Radius, AAA, Tacacs, Firewalls, Voice & Video Desirable Skills: Experience of some of the following: ? Firewall experience ? In particular Fortigate ? Network management tools eg Open source RTG, HostMonitor ? Unified Communications (Lync). Hosted VoIP telephony, Network Security ? ISO standards  ISO9001, ISO27001, PCI DSS ? Linux system administration. Experience of hosting Debian repositories. iproute2 ? Apache**** FreeRadius, Bind**** TFTP, IPVS, vsftpd ? Perl, SQL, CGI scripting Qualifications: ? CCIP, CCIE desirable ? Full driving licence ? ITIL or PRINCE2 exposure or qualifications would be advantageous Personal Attributes: The successful candidate will have a highly professional approach and good presentation skills. Experience of working with demanding customers is also key. ? Respected leader ? The ability to take ownership of issues and manage through to resolution ? A proactive customercentric work ethic ? Good planning, organisation and timekeeping skillsExcellent written and verbal communication skills ? A ?cando? attitude and ?handson? approach	UK	UK	full_time	permanent	PeopleCom Ltd	Other/General Jobs	From 50,000 to 65,000 per year + plus benefits	57500	fish4.co.uk	1
223109	72398184	Care Home Manager  Kirkcaldy, Fife	Care Home Manager (RGN / RMN) Kirkcaldy  FifeUp to **** per annum  Bonus and Benefits In Touch Recruitment are working on behalf of an established care provider to recruit an experienced Nursing Home Manager for their medium sized home based in Kirkcaldy, Fife. My client is looking for an experienced Nurse with a solid career history in care and a proven track record of providing quality person centred care within a nursing home setting. The role requires someone who can use their own initiative and enthusiasm to improve standards and drive the service forward. As ambassador for the home you will work actively to promote the service within the local community building upon the homes already impressive reputation.You will have excellent working knowledge of National Minimum Standards and Regulations and how best to implement these. All applicants will be a 1st Level Nurse with either an RGN / RMN qualification and an active NMC PIN. If you are looking for an opportunity to manage a service within an organisation that will encourage your professional development, then please apply immediately. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Nursing Home Manager or experienced Deputy who is looking for the next step in their career.To apply please send your CV across to Danielle at (url removed) or alternatively call N/A Keywords  Home Manager, Nursing Home Manager, Care Home Manager, Nurse, RGN, RMN, Matron, Sister, Deputy Home Manager, Fife, Edinburgh, Fife, Kirkcaldy	Fife - Kirkcaldy	Kirkcaldy	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Consultancy Jobs	38000 - 40000	39000	ukstaffsearch.com	0
110661	69671122	Client Marketing Executive	A leading consultancy providing business strategy and management support into the legal sector is looking for a talented Marketing Exec / Client Account Manager for its small and friendly team in Taunton. The role will be responsible for meeting the needs of a variety of Law firms providing support with various marketing campaigns including brand support, promotions, niche development, pitching and relationship management. The successful candidate will posses a relevant Marketing Degree with some experience across the whole marketing mix. You will also possess excellent client service skills, good all round organisation skills and will be able to work to deadlines. Working in pleasant surroundings and with a friendly and supportive team, you will thrive on day to day challenges and exciting ongoing projects. For more information regarding this exciting role, contact Steve Rogers on **** 201140 or apply online.	Taunton,Somerset,Devon	UK		permanent	Mango Personnel Ltd	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	18k - 23k	20500	jobsite.co.uk	0
177440	71528709	Commis Chef / Chef de Partie / Junior Sous  Rosettes Fine Dining	Chef de Partie / Junior Sous Chef / Commis Chef / Demi chef de partie – Fine Dining – Rosettes – Chester – One of the best and most luxurious hotels in the North West is currently recruiting chefs at all level including commis chef , demi chef de partie , chef de partie and junior sous chef. They have a state of the art kitchen with all new cooking equipment and offer excellent benefits alongside amazing promotional aspects. Roles: Depending on whether you are a commis chef , demi chef de partie , chef de partie or junior sous chef will result in what your responsibilities are within the kitchen, however whatever position you are you will have to ensure the highest rosette standards at all times The kitchen team only use the best locally sourced produce and cooking equipment. Experience: Whether you are looking for a commis , demi chef de partie , chef de partie or junior sous chef position you will require experience with a fine dining kitchen relevant to that position. The Executive Chef is all about progression and is very happy to look at candidates who wish to step up in position also.Rosette experience is beneficial but not essential. All candidates must be passionate about high quality cooking and have a good knowledge of fresh ingredients. Benefits: Salaries up to **** Free Uniforms Meals On Duty Great Location Easy to get to. Next Step: NEW YEAR / NEW START  ARE YOU IN THE RIGHT JOB – WE CAN HELP YOU FIND YOUR NEXT CHEF JOB. Over the past 7 years H t E Recruitment have been recruiting across the UK for leading Hotels and Restaurants, including Rosette restaurants. If this role is not suitable, still contact the team who are here to help you – our current chef roles include Demi Chef de Partie , Chef de Partie , Pastry Chef , Sous Chef and Head Chef in loads of locations across the UK. HtE Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CommisChefChefdePartieJuniorSousRosettesFineDining_job****	Chester Cheshire North West	Chester			HTE Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	Up to 20,000 per annum depending on position	20000	caterer.com	0
200293	71853143	Sales Commission Manager	You willprovide the business with consistent and robust administration of their variable reward framework, including sales commission and bonuses. To provide regular reporting and analysis to enhance the motivational effectiveness of the scheme and provide insight to aid strategic senior management decisions.  Become a leading voice within the internal project team designing the variable reward structure for the business  Implement and design an efficient system to enable the accurate and timely settlement of variable reward for all sale and support staff.  Fully manage the administration of the scheme from target setting, through reporting of results, to calculation of payments  Develop regular reporting to individual sales teams and senior management  Advanced Excel user modelling ability including handling large data sets, macros etc  Prior experience of business modelling and/or data management  Strong academics  strong degree/professional qualifications in relevant field  Relevant finance/business modelling/bookkeeping qualifications  Prior experience of reward schemes and/or an HR administrative role Our client is a global business up to **** plus car. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesCommissionManager_job****	Kingston Upon Thames Surrey South East	UK		permanent	Michael Page Finance	Accounting & Finance Jobs	50000 to 60000 per annum	55000	totaljobs.com	1
193370	71767007	Cleaning Operative	Vacancy is Part Time Monday, Wednesday and Friday morning ****:30am  ****:30 am Previous experience preffered but not essential as full training will be given. Duties include General Office Cleaning, Dusting, Vacuuming, Polishing, Rubbish Removal, collection and washing up of crockery  Any other duties that are required.	Royal Tunbridge Wells	UK	part_time		Greencrest City Ltd	Maintenance Jobs	7.00 - 7.00 per hour	13440	Jobcentre Plus	0
225436	72439164	Full training provided	CIEVO We are a new sales and marketing company that are looking for people to join in our fun team and start a career with us. We are looking for confident and outgoing people who are looking for a change of direction or want to start a career. This is a full time permanent role. Experience is not needed as full training will be provided. We are looking for people who have excellent customer service and communication skills as we can train you in everything else. If you have not tried anything like this before and want to find out more about the trainee management program that we have to offer then call us for an interview on **** **** **** **** per hour basic with various bonuses and training paid. Call Lauren on **** **** **** or email your CV to cardiff jobscievo.co.uk We are a direct employer not a recruitment company, immediate start an advantage. We are a new company therefore in future may have positions available in sales, administration, customer service, sales and marketing, team leader, trainee management, promotions and events from our Bristol, Cardiff and Birmingham offices. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Fulltrainingprovided_job****	Cardiff South Glamorgan Wales	UK		permanent	Cievo	Sales Jobs	7.53 per hour	14457	totaljobs.com	0
175546	71444809	Project Engineer Welding Fabrication  Blackburn	My client In Blackburn is currently in need of Project engineer. My client works in a number of industries ranging from Automotive to Aerospace This is an interesting and varied role, which involves working on some excellent engineering projects, bringing fantastic prospects for the right candidate within a rapidly expanding modern company. The ESSENTIAL skills required for this post are as follows: Proven engineering and fabrication knowledge / experience/background Excellent knowledge of all welding techniques Computer literacy Excellent communication skills and the ability to liaise closelywith customers Ability to work under pressure, on own initiative and as part of a busy team Ability to handle multiple varied projects from order through to completion CAD qualifications and experience are required for this role but training will be provided where necessary If you would like to be considered for this position then please respond with an up to date CV.	Blackburn, Lancashire, Uk	Blackburn		permanent	Retrack Personnel Ltd	Engineering Jobs	25000 - 32000	28500	jobsite.co.uk	0
233936	72483636	Storesperson	Main duties & Responsibilities to support all key elements of the warehousing operation, including: •Offloading of inbound vehicles •Putting away of stock in correct location •Picking stock using scanner and pick lists •Consolidating deliveries •Loading outbound vehicles •Ensure an excellent level of housekeeping. •Ensure respect of all health and safety requirements. •Use of SAP and various warehouse control systems •Any other duties required by the business deemed suitable and necessary. Skills & Experience required: •Previous experience working within an Engineering Stores or Warehouse department •Previous experience and licence to operating a Forklift Licence (Counterbalance) •Good communication skills, both verbal and written •Ability to work well within a Team •100% pick and delivery accuracy is required so good attention to detail •Reliable, Honest & a Strong Team Player with “Can Do” attitude •A flexible approach to work to support overtime requirements at end of shift and weekends •Ability to support a twentyfour/seven warehousing or production operation •Good IT skills and ability to use inhouse systems The ideal candidate would have previous experience working within a Stores or Warehouse environment for an Engineering business, with a Valid Counterbalance licence along with good IT skills. If you meet most of the requirements detailed above then apply now Starting salary will be **** and this will increase to **** after 6 months Working hours: We are seeking people who are flexible to support a 3 shift rotation To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.	Oxfordshire Oxfordshire England	Oxfordshire			Matchtech	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	15500 -16785 per annum	16142	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
76046	69005314	Solihull based English QTS needed for MLD students in SEN School	A Lovely School in Solihull for Key Stage **** t essential, some prior knowledge would be helpful. To become part of this team; Have UK QTS You will be conscientious and enthusiastic at all times You will be positive and motivational And be happy working on a one to one basis with the children In return you will enjoy: Working as part of a lovely team Enjoying working in a rewarding environment Good rates of pay Excellent support Wonderful facilities To apply please call (Apply online only) or email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system	Solihull, West Midlands, England, Warwickshire	UK		contract	TeacherActive	Teaching Jobs	95 - 150/day	29400	cv-library.co.uk	0
103410	69559142	Senior Estimator	Senior Estimator  Civil Engineering  Buckinghamshire The Company We are currently working with a long established civil engineering contractor that is currently working on a range of projects and looking to expand its workforce. My client has an immediate requirement for a Senior Estimator due to continued success and growth. The role is based in Buckinghamshire and would involve reporting into a sector director. This is an excellent opportunity to work with a long standing business with a strong history that pride themselves on loyalty, staff retention and genuine opportunities for career progression. The Role  As a senior estimator you will be responsible for the preparation of analytical estimates reflecting opportunities and risks with relevant documentation.  You will be responsible for preparing thorough evaluation of tender invitation information in terms of risks, outputs, programme schedule, work techniques, subcontract packages, substitute solutions and commercial opportunities. Required Skills Experience of civil engineering construction processes Good commercial awareness and contractual knowledge Strong communicator with ability to liaise on both an internal and external level, whilst having the interpersonal skills to negotiate effectively and work well within a team. Project planning and programming skills. Good product/material knowledge. Ability to prepare written proposals, methodologies and commentaries Ability to complete work takeoffs/schedules Remuneration: The successful Senior Estimator will receive **** Company car Health Care Pension Please call Lucy Hall at Project Resource on **** **** **** to discuss further. Reference: **** E: l.hallprojectresource.co.uk T: **** **** **** LI: http://uk.linkedin.com/pub/lucyhall/****/****b/**** Services advertised by Project Resource Ltd are those of an agency and/or an employment business please note that Project Resource offer a referral fee for any candidate(s) you recommend to us that we place in a job. If this role is not of interest / relevant for you then please pass it on to others you know who may be interested http://www.projectresource.co.uk/jobseekers/referralrewards.aspx This job was originally posted as www.CareerStructure.com/JobSeeking/SeniorEstimator_job****	Buckinghamshire South East	Buckinghamshire		permanent	Project Resource	Trade & Construction Jobs	55000 - 65000 per annum + car, pension, healthcare	60000	careerstructure.com	1
38985	68346708	C ASPNET Developer  Web Services, Web forms	Experienced .NET developer  ASP.NET, C and Web Services An international software company is looking for the best .NET developers in the area. The role will involve working with a dedicated team on the latest technology Skills required:  Strong .NET experience (ASP.NET)  C (**** or ****)  Web services (ASP or WCF)  Source contral system  Unit tests  Team player and motivator Responsibilites will include:  Developing ASP.NET web sites to be used by thousands of users  Working with development teams and product managers through SDLC  Creating web services In return you ll get to work with a strong team on a succesful range of products. The salary offered is up to ****k plus company benefits.	Guildford	Guildford		permanent	Skypath Limited	IT Jobs	35k - 50k pa + Benefits	42500	jobsite.co.uk	0
234353	72490538	PICU Nurse  London	Job Title:&nbspPICU Nurse Location: London Salary: &pound****  &pound**** per year Company: Paediatric Nursing Jobs&nbsp Band 6 PICU Nurses Required for Agency work Geneva Health requires experienced Band 6 PICU agency nurses to work in Central London hospitals Registered Nurses are offered Paediatric ICU work in leading NHS hospitals in London. Geneva Health Agency is a leading specialist nursing and midwifery recruitment company with many years&**** experience in placing professionals in hospitals and health centres in the capital. Working through Geneva means that you are able to work in the best NHS and private hospitals in London. Our professional consultants use their experience and expertise to ensure you get the rewarding work you are looking for. If you are a Registered Nurse with PICU experience and hold a Post Graduate certificate in Critical Care then look no further Our registration service is simple and thorough, plus our benefits package is very competitive. Requirements: PICU experience Post Graduate certificate in Critical Care NMC Registration Benefits: Competitive pay rates As much work as you want and to suit your availability CRB/Police checks Holiday Pay 24 hour oncall service &nbsp Please apply now	London	London	full_time	permanent	Paediatric Nursing Jobs	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	28000	28000	strike-jobs.co.uk	0
63028	68702409	Senior HR Business Partner	An exciting opportunity has arisen within a leading FMCG organisation for an Interim Senior HR Business Partner to join their established HR team. Working as part of a dedicated and driven HR function you will work closely with your business unit providing a high quality and professional HR service as well as supporting the wider HR function. The ideal candidate will be immediately available, have a true understanding and practical application of HR Business Partnering working closely with the business units and have the proven ability to influence and drive change. This is a progressive environment where HR is still being further developed and integrated and candidates will therefore have a proven track record of developing and embedding a modern HR culture. You will be a team player with a can do attitude and have a positive and professional approach to all situations. You will have excellent relationship building skills and the ability to establish lasting relationships at all management levels. If you are interested in this HR role please apply by clicking on the link below or contact Ashley Kate HR for further details. Ashley Kate HR specialise exclusively in HR recruitment, nationwide for temporary, contract and permanent HR roles. We give equal priority to our candidate and client relationships and ensure we deliver a highly professional HR consultancy service at all times. To find out more about us please visit our website at www.ashleykatehr.com Join the Ashley Kate HR LinkedIn group at http://linkd.in/HRProfessionalsNetworkUK And follow us on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/AshleyKateHR Ashley Kate HR operates as a Recruitment Agency for the provision of permanent candidates and as a Recruitment Business for the provision of temporary candidates. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorHRBusinessPartner_job****	West Midlands	West Midlands		contract	Ashley Kate HR	HR & Recruitment Jobs	Up to 55k plus car, bonus	55000	totaljobs.com	1
150064	70764748	Class 1 Driver	We are currently recruiting for a large distribution company based in Sheffield. Duties will include delivering catering products to delivery points, which could be other companies or private businesses. You will be required to use a tail lift, Load and unload the products yourself. This position does involve multi drop work up to **** per day. The hours are varied, this is a temporary position. For more information please call Laura (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) Spring Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Group plc is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Posting Time	England, UK	UK		contract	Spring Personnel	Other/General Jobs	9 - 13.00/hour	21120	cv-library.co.uk	0
175133	71443476	General Manager  Stevenage	General Manager ******** Working at Sizzling Pubs Do you love to be at the heart of the community, serving locals and regulars the food and drink they love? Then the vacancies at these friendly pubs will suit you down to the ground. Sizzling platters. Sizzling value. A Sizzling Pub provides the cheerful drinks, tasty food and colourful characters that make working days whizz by. It s lively work, with regular events, a varied menu, food sizzling on piping hot iron skillets and lots of smiling families. So if you re looking to bring some fun to your working life, look no further Welcome to Sizzling Pubs Coopers Inn Exciting opportunity to join a dynamic team of managers, in a business with huge potential for food sales growth. The Coopers is set in the heart of the Stevenage community and has a strong food sales audience that has great potential for expansion. We are seeking an enthusiastic and energetic Manager that would like to develop and hone their leadership skills in an accelerated manner. Strong leadership skills, organisational skills and an understanding that team engagement is critical to success. The successful candidate will be able to show evidence of Guest obsessed behaviour, leadership through team engagement, strong organisational skills, as well as an ability to seek out and develop local sales driving ideas in a dynamic market. At Sizzling Pubs we re famous for our sizzling skillets loaded with all sorts of delicious things from surf and turf combos to juicy prime steaks. But our skillets aren t the only things that keep our customers coming back for more. There s our delicious meaty burgers, our gorgeous gammon hock, even our super mega sundaes. What you ll do in this role As General Manager at Sizzling Pubs it ll be your job to put the sizzle into everything. From the large team under your command to the superb dishes emerging every few seconds from the kitchen and the warmest of welcomes for our customers. As General Manager you ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, ideally branded pub or restaurant A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply for this General Manager position now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.	Stevenage	Stevenage	full_time	permanent	Sizzling Pubs	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	28,000-34,000	31000	jobs.bighospitality.co.uk	0
198610	71848593	Graduate Management Trainee – excellent opportunity – Bristol	Bridgewater Resources UK are recruiting for a marketleading wholesaler supplying a wide range of electrical equipment to business and trade customers. The Bristol (BS****) office requires a Graduate Management Trainee to join their vibrant and friendly team. This is an outstanding opportunity to gain handson experience in a wide range of business areas and prepare for a management role within the group. The company offers initial products and skills training in various fields of business, including sales, purchasing, administration, logistics and accounts. This will involve answering calls from customers, taking orders, providing technical information or resolving queries, responding to incoming faxes and emails and making proactive outbound calls to existing customers. You will also liaise with suppliers and prepare quotations. There will be an opportunity to progress to an account manager or external sales role and go on customer visits. All this experience should prepare you for a management role in the future. We are looking for ambitious university graduates with relevant degrees who want a career in a customerfocused sales environment and who have the drive and determination to succeed in this role. Many of the current management team joined the business as trainees. The candidates will be motivated, confident and enthusiastic quick learners with good administration and telephone manners. Some customer service and/or sales experience is required. There are excellent opportunities for career progression within the company and the group. The starting salary is **** – **** per annum depending on experience. This will be supplemented by annual profit share linked to the performance of the branch and optional membership of the company pension scheme. If you think you have the right personality to fulfil this role, apply to Bridgewater Resources UK at officebridgewateruk.com with your CV and a covering letter. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateManagementTraineeexcellentopportunityBristol_job****	Bristol Avon South West	UK		permanent	Bridgewater Resources UK Ltd	Sales Jobs	From 17,000 to 18,000 per annum plus annual bonus & company pension.	17500	totaljobs.com	0
243358	72690736	PPC Executive	 Create, develop, optimise and maintain the companies and clients PPC campaigns  Competently manage business and clients PPC budgets  Provide daily, weekly and monthly reporting to the business and clients  Make recommendations in order to achieve campaign objectives  Actively monitor the PPC community and feedback relevant information to the team  Strive to continously learn and improve skills  Educate the buiness on PPC and improve skills  Work closely with the marketing department in the business  Experience of managing PPC campaigns  Good understanding of Google AdWords and Google analytics  A GAP qualification would be advantageous  Understanding of a variety of tools available to research keywords, manage and optimise PPC campaigns  Ability to manage budgets This role would suit an ambitious online professional with broad skills looking to grow and build an online team. Initial efforts will be across PPC but all online elements will follow. A business undergoing impressive growth, rapidly expanding into new areas and establishing an impressive reputation for results. The company likes to empower all employeeswith career development and opportunity so this is an amazing chance for someone to strengthen their CV ****k  ****k DOE Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.	#NAME?	Manchester		permanent	Michael Page Marketing	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	22000 to 28000	25000	jobsite.co.uk	0
4609	62004326	Bulk Tanker Drivers	Industrial Personnel are currently recruiting on behalf of a Nottinghamshire client for experienced Class 1 Bulk Powder Tanker Drivers. This position will involve delivering dry powder throughout the UK working both days and nights. Applicants must hold a current LGVCE licence with a minimum of two years experience and hold a digital tachograph card. Experience with powder tankers is essential.	Worksop	Worksop			Industrial Personnel Ltd	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	Up to ?10.00 per hour	19200	MyUkJobs	0
104542	69573046	Staff Nurse  ICU  London	Position Summary:Responsible for being a part of the team of a busy 9 Bedded Adult ITU .Specialising in Complex Cardiac,Neuro, Complex surgical, and Heamofiltration Critical Care.Outreach support to the main clinic. . Risk management, Teaching, supporting all areas of Critical care and team Revenue capture, Workforce planning Patient, staff and Consultant satisfaction Internal Rotation, Weekends. Staffing Ratios ****:1 Or 1:**** . ICIP documentation .General Responsibility:Care for patients with Complex care needs and expectations. Teaching and supporting of Junior staff Outreach support. Pain managemnt. Audit collection and action planning Link RolesRequirements:Good Communication skills and Customer service skills Min 1 years Staff nurse ITU expirence ALS certified desired IlS MIN flexible,acountable,reliable. proven self development evidence. Understanding of the Independent sector. Understanding Pain Control Psycological effects ITU Cardiac Experience. Computer skills required.	City of London - London	The City	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	31000-36000	33500	london4jobs.co.uk	0
180453	71576292	Caretaker Ref: DCC/****/****	The post will be for 30 hours per week and based at Larklands Infant School, Ilkeston. To provide an efficient and effective janitorial service to the site. Duties include security of the site, making sure the heating system operates to optimum efficiency, floor maintenance and cleaning. Safe working patterns must be adhered to. Full training will be provided. Hours of work will be 7.00am  10.00am and 3.00pm  6.00pm, Monday to Friday.	Matlock	Matlock	part_time		Derbyshire County Council	Maintenance Jobs	7.20 - 7.70 per hour	14304	Jobcentre Plus	0
62786	68701639	Export Compliance officer	The client is seeking a highly competent export officer with knowledge of ITAR regulations. The Export Compliance Department is responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable import and export regulations for domestic and international business. In addition, the receipt, use, dissemination and retransfer of controlled U.S. technology must be conducted in full compliance with U.S. export legislation and the relating authorisations. This requires the preparation and maintenance of comprehensive import export and retransfer records. Responsibilities The successful candidate will be required to work closely with the Export Compliance team to support Export and Import Compliance activities at our site/s. The successful candidate will be required to: Support the Senior Export Compliance Officer/s in managing all export compliance activities within programmes, BIDs, demonstrations and exhibitions. Review and maintain records of all supplier responses to the Product Classification Questionnaire / RFQs Prepare accurate and compliant export paperwork, customs documents and maintain records for audit Prepare and submit export licences and F****s via SPIRE Support US suppliers in the scoping of accurate US Authorisation applications to support programmes / business development before submission into the US Department of State Process US Authorisations for signature and maintain records Produce reports and documents as required by the Senior Export Compliance Officer/s Collate and prepare data for the Import Compliance Officer for the submission of customs reports Provide guidance, support, train employees and maintain records Education/Experience Essential: Knowledge and understanding of, and experience in implementing UK export controls (Military and Dual Use) Knowledge and understanding of, and experience in implementing, US export controls (ITAR and EAR) Skills: Computer literate, with good working knowledge of MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint Numerate, with good written and verbal communication skills Methodical with good attention to detail Conscientious, enthusiastic and flexible Desire and potential to progress Able to work well under pressure Able to work as part of a team and autonomously by managing own workload Successful candidates will possess a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. You must be prepared to undergo a security clearance vetting process. If you wish to discuss this position in confidence or to speak to me regarding your situation or any other opportunities then please don't hesitate to contact me. Keil.Stewartmodisintl.com **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExportComplianceofficer_job****	Caerphilly Mid Glamorgan Wales	UK		permanent	Modis	Other/General Jobs	20000 - 35000 per annum + Benefits	27500	totaljobs.com	0
66495	68713569	Bank Community Adult IV Therapies Nurse	You are a Registered Nurse with an ENB998 or City and Guilds **** qualification and valid NMC PIN Number. You care about clinical excellence. You believe in the importance of the right things, done well. And you will thrive in a dynamic, fast paced environment. About the role The impact you will have on patients lives will go far beyond care  giving them independence, choice and privacy. You will get to know them, and their families, enabling you to follow personal care plans that really are as unique as every individual. You will take the lead in delivering medication, educating patients and maintaining high quality care documentation. You will be confident in reporting all activity, risks and issues to your line manager. You will be treating patients in their own homes, administering IV antibiotics, TPN and managing patients with central lines. You may not currently be administering TPN or IV Therapies, your Nursing experience and previous training is sufficient as you’ll be trained and supported to do the role. You’ll visit patients with a colleague mentor until you agree with your Manager that you’re comfortable to work on your own. You will cover the Oldham/Greater Manchester area so do need be flexible to travel in this area. As this role is on the Bank staff, the shifts available are various and include days, nights and weekends. You may work fixed hours if available or ad hoc shifts to cover holidays, sickness for e.g.We’ll ask your availability at the start of the recruitment process and let you know if we will likely have shifts that will suit you. You will ideally have an acute ward or community nursing background, a current NMC registration and hold a full EU driving licence. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BankCommunityAdultIVTherapiesNurse_job****	Oldham Lancashire North West	UK	part_time		Bupa BHH	Other/General Jobs	From 13.66 to 26 per hour plus 40p mileage claimed on all travel	38073	totaljobs.com	0
136366	70322519	Foster Carer  Brent	Title: Foster Carer Location: Brent Salary: ****  **** pa Our client is an established provider of foster care looking to expand. They are looking for Foster Carers and have opportunities available in Brent. As a Foster Carer you will be fully supported every step of the way, as they will fully advise and help you. Their team of experienced social and support workers will ensure that all aspects of children's needs are addressed and you are enabled to provide the best care possible. They are currently recruiting experienced carers as well as people with no experience but who have a genuine interest in caring for children. If you`re one of those special and caring people and you feel you might be able to help foster a child, they can arrange an initial consultation and kickstart the most rewarding work you`ll ever do You will need to have a genuine interested in providing care to children and be able to provide a safe and secure home. You will:  Earn up to **** per week, per child, plus allowances  Receive support from social care professionals.  Receive regular training and supervision.  Work alongside the parents of children in your care, and their social workers to ensure the best care possible  Make a difference to a young person`s life Please apply online with your CV and Covering Letter. (Keywords; Customer Service, Sales, Admin, Administration, Health, Carer, Fostering, Foster care)	Wembley, GREATER LONDON	London	full_time	permanent		Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	20000 - 40000 per annum, Benefits: 20,000 - 40,000 pa	30000	fish4.co.uk	0
115127	69761325	Trainee Administrator	This is being advertised on behalf of Witton Recruitment who are operating as a recruitment agency. Our client has won a new contract and is looking to expand their administration/customer service team. The role we have available is working for a professional, friendly and stable firm in Cirencester. This would suit someone looking to start a career in an office environment– it could suit a college leaver, graduate or someone looking to change direction The position will involve:  Speaking to customers on the telephone, dealing with enquiries and queries (approximately **** calls a day)  Validating enquiries and dealing with correspondence  Maintaining and updating records  Chasing missing information from clients and third parties  Scanning documents  Other ad hoc duties The successful candidate will have:  An professional telephone manner  IT literacy – able to use MS Word and Outlook, training on an inhouse system will be given  Exposure to dealing with customers within hospitality, retail or an office environment will be considered  Be happy to deal with numbers The role is working Monday to Friday **** The firm offers great benefits – 22 days holiday plus bank holidays, denplan, medical cover and a very attractive pension. Parking also available. If you are interested in this position and would like to apply or find out more please email your CV in Word Format to or alternatively call **** **** Due to the high volumes of applications we are currently receiving we are, unfortunately, unable to respond to all applicants individually. If you do not have any contact from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that on this occasion unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful, and we invite you to submit your CV for other roles you feel your skills, qualifications and experience match.	Cirencester	Cirencester	full_time			Admin Jobs	13,500.00 - 13,500.00 per year	13500	Jobcentre Plus	0
182074	71601499	Senior Estimator	Senior Estimator  Shopfitting Contracts West Midlands Up To ****k  Package The Company: Our Client is a regional Interiors Shopfitting contractor that works on fast track refurbishment projects out of their West Midlands Office. They work with a number of high street retail contracts with values ranging between ****k  1m. Many of the clients are some of the most wellknown brands in the world. This client works closely with a number of repeat clients, so team ethos and personable skills are essential for this role, also working on and improving relationship with sub contractors is a must, with a number of secured projects in place for the later part of the year and early next year, this client is ready to recruit an experienced Senior Estimator to work within their existing commercial team on a permanent basis. The Candidate Senior Estimator Duties:  Managing of key accounts  Assisting in defining specifications through accurate and timely estimates to provide better production, cover costs and better suitability to the customer and the company.  Undertaking site visits in preparation of tenders when required.  Ability to communicate with post project team.  Contributing to the management of the divisional business planning and budgeting.  Representing the company by dealing with Customers, Suppliers, Consultants and Stakeholders in a manner, which enhances the company's reputation.  Ability to estimate tender values ranging between ****k  1million. The successful Estimator candidates will work out of the regional West Midlands Office on a permanent basis with a salary up to ****k  Package. If you feel you have the relevant experience, please send your current CV to permthinkrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.CareerStructure.com/JobSeeking/SeniorEstimator_job****	West Midlands	West Midlands		permanent	Think Recruitment	Trade & Construction Jobs	45000 - 55000 per annum + Package	50000	careerstructure.com	1
177005	71501797	Research Nurse jobs in Cambridge	Research Nurse Full training on offer to become a Research Nurse Research Nurse jobs in Cambridge (Nurse jobs UK). Alexander James Healthcare is currently recruiting for Nurses with experience in A Organising • Professionalism • Commercial Awareness. This Research Nurse job in Cambridge will be working on a full time basis and the successful Research Nurse will be paid between ****k****k with other additional Benefits. If you are interested in finding out more information about this Research Nurse jobs in Cambridge please contact Alexander James Healthcare on or alternatively please email	Cambridgeshire	Cambridgeshire		permanent	Alexander James Healthcare	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	28000.00 to 32000.00	30000	tntjobs.co.uk	0
52720	68671193	Portfolio Support Administrator	A well organised and resourceful Portfolio Support Administrator is required to join a friendly team within the pension department of a very large and highly reputable financial services company. This role, based in Basingstoke, will take ownership, responsibility and accountability for work allocated by the Portfolio Administrators ensuring effective processing, to provide an excellent customer service. Duties will include:  To provide administrative support to the portfolio administration on their portfolio of accounts/Schemes  Liaise with internal and external customers to ensure that the service proposition is achieved and customer relations are continually enhanced  Take responsibility for the work allocated by the Portfolio Administrators to deliver service level agreements at the required quality  Proactively learn and become accredited in all the relevant procedures and ensure that they are followed at all times, to ensure the customer receives a quality service  Maintain and develop good product knowledge to enable effective resolution of customer queries  Ensure any complaints are identified and passed immediately to an accredited complaints handler, to ensure a speedy and efficient resolution of customer complaints.  Contribute to projects as required. Candidate MUST have:  A minimum of 5 G.C.S.E. (or equivalent) graded AC including Maths and English  High level of customer service experience within an office or retail environment  A high degree of competence in both verbal and numerical literacy  Experience of working with people and in teams  Ability to handle confidential customer data accordingly  Fully computer literate. This is an amazing opportunity for a Portfolio Support Administrator to join an innovative and reputable financial services company based in Basingstoke. You will become an integral part of their success, and as a result, you will be rewarded for your efforts with a performance related bonus. The company will also provide you with an excellent benefits package including a very competitive pension scheme and **** days paid holiday including bank holidays. The office is based within a 5 minute walk of Basingstoke train station. The site offers free onsite parking and an onsite restaurant. Please note  This is a **** month fixed term contract working 35 hours per week Monday to Friday ****:****  ****:**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PortfolioSupportAdministrator_job****	Basingstoke Hampshire South East	Basingstoke		contract	Carlisle Managed Solutions	Accounting & Finance Jobs	13104 - 14887 per annum + Benefits	13995	totaljobs.com	0
77112	69009791	Validation Engineer	PROJECT VALIDATION ENGINEER  HAMPSHIRE  c********ph LTD (6 Month Contract) A world leading manufacturing organisation are currently seeking a Project Validation Engineer to join them for an upcoming project on an initial 12 month contract basis. The main function of the role will be to support all manufacturing and capital equipment projects in relation to validation, engineering documentation and regulatory compliance. Candidates will be required to create validation protocols and reports to the relevant regulatory requirements (ISO & FDA) as well as writing, reviewing and approving IQ, OQ PQ documents. In order to be considered for the Project Validation Engineer role candidates will need to have a strong validation background within pharmaceutical or medical device manufacturing. Candidates will ideally have a technical/engineering background and ideally be educated to HNC level or equivalent. The position is based in Hampshire on the South Coast and is accessible from Reading, Basingstoke, Portsmouth, Southampton Havant, Poole, Salisbury, Bournemouth and other parts of Dorset, Hampshire and the South East. In order to apply please send your CV or call Ian (Apply online only)	Hampshire	Hampshire		contract	STR Limited	Manufacturing Jobs	35 - 40/hour	72000	cv-library.co.uk	1
177465	71528759	Chef de Partie  High profile fine dining  up to ****K	Chef de Partie PASTRY needed for a Cutting Edge Kitchen. You will be working as part of a small team in this wonderful **** AA Rosette Michelin Stared fine dining restaurant. You will already be a proven Pastry Chef de Partie with good experience of working within high quality kitchens, preferably at a minimum of **** AA Rosette.  You will need to have a positive and enthusiastic attitude and possess strong knowledge of working with fresh local produce, as well as have excellent attention to detail.  As a Chef de Partie you will be responsible for producing high quality desserts, breads, petit fours and ice creams etc You will be an enthusiastic and ambitious Pastry Chef de Partie who is passionate about pastry and be looking to join a hard working and ambitious kitchen brigade where there is lots of opportunity to progress further. Michelin experience highly desirable. Accommodation is available. Applicants should have no restrictions to working in the UK This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieHighprofilefinediningupto****K_job****	Buckinghamshire South East	Buckinghamshire			Regent Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 18,500 to 21,000 per annum	19750	caterer.com	0
47280	68574523	Document Administrator / Document Controller x ****	Temporary Contract until 31st March 2013Our client now has administration opportunities for self motivated and experienced individuals in South Tyneside.As a member of the Records Management Team working within a warehouse environment, you will help manage and maintain the case filing system whilst undertaking light administrative duties to ensure that files are available and information is provided to stakeholders around the country. Proven File Management skills are desirable, however full training will be provided.As a member of the Business Support Team your role is crucial to the success of the wider Civil Case Management teams. You will undertake basic administrative duties, involving some use of a PC; and will receive record and distribute inbound and outgoing items of post. Great communication and team working skills are essential. Successful candidates will be numerate and IT literate, with the ability to work with minimum supervision in a quality and target focused team. These roles will involve some aspects of manual handling.	Staffordshire - Newcastle	UK	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Admin Jobs	14357 - 17016	15686	ukstaffsearch.com	0
129621	70149716	Nurse Practitioners	To see patients in emergency clinics and undertake assessment of the patients' healthcare needs. To give advice and prescribe within local formulary guidelines or refer appropriately those who require secondary care, adhering to local policy. Making autonomous clinical decisions to ensure best practice for all patient care; using the most appropriate pathway of care using information received and utilising existing skills, knowledge, experience, training and evidence based guidance. To ensure that patients who access the service receive a high quality of care that is appropriate to their needs and is delivered in a timely, proactive and professional manner. Nurse Practitioners are responsible for obtaining pertinent information from the patient, assessing the urgency of the problem, making a provisional diagnosis, and treating them in the most timely, efficient and professional manner. They have to remain focused on the calls that they have to deal with for the duration of their shift. They have to be alert to clues which the patient may give, read facts which are behind the information that they are being given yet keep an open mind in order to reach a satisfactory and safe conclusion for that encounter. Key Professional relationships: Lead Nurse OOH Director of Services Local Medical Director OOH Operational Manager OOH G.Ps OOH Dispatchers Community Nurses Community Psychiatric Nurses Specialist Nurses N.H.S. Direct Hospices Social Services Early Intervention Service Emergency Dental Services South Western Ambulance Service Foundation Trust Hospitals Trusts / Accident Practice within the guidelines of the Nursing Maintain confidentiality of all patients identifiable information and contacts Maintain clinical knowledge and competence using best practice, evidence based guidelines and supervision Inform manager on call of any professional concerns during the OOH's service Support other staff as necessary Promote a safe and effective service at all times Clinical Practice Provide a high quality assessment of all patients referred to you Identify life threatening symptoms and act appropriately Provide self care advice where appropriate Always leave patients with a safety net, ensuring they have the means to contact help if their condition changes Maintain excellent communications with all team members and other Allied Health Care Professional in the development of the unplanned care agenda Clinical Governance Identify and action own development needs and establish personal clinical supervision Maintain a personal development plan Help create and maintain an appropriate learning environment to meet the educational needs of all team members Attend mandatory training Ensure risk management systems are adhered to and that untoward incidents are recorded Support the development of practice that is informed by the findings of clinical effectiveness and research Participate in audits and research where indicated Undertake an annual Serco company appraisal Additional Information Cornwall Out of Hours has a robust complaints procedure. In the event of a complaint being made against you, you will be fully supported by the organisation. You must be prepared to write a statement on request within the appropriate time frame. Skills experiences and qualifications Nurse Practitioners need to have adequate experience working as a Nurse Prescriber in Primary Care. They need to be excellent communicators, have good listening skills and be empathic. They need to be able to extract relevant information, especially from poor historians and be adept at handling difficult situations. They need the skills to pacify aggressive patients and relatives and enable patients to communicate pertinent information. NPs need to be computer literate and able to use Adastra as they are responsible for inputting accurate data which will be transferred to the patient's own GP practice. They are responsible for concluding and returning back into the system every patient contact they make. After suitable training, the ability to carry out some telephone triage would be helpful. Education and Qualifications Relevant nursing qualifications approved by the NMC Evidence of Continued Professional and Personal Development (CPPD) BLS (mandatory) Previous Experience Paediatric experience Experience in dealing with people of all ages, gender and ethnic origin. Palliative Care awareness	Cornwall Isles of Scilly	UK	full_time	permanent	Serco Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	60000.00 - 65000.00 GBP Annual	62500	jobs.newstatesman.com	1
128030	70078907	Cruise Sales Specialist	Cruise Sales Specialist  You must have experience of booking cruises  Are you a Sabre trained experienced Cruise Sales Specialist looking for a new opportunity in Cruise Sales? Our client in the Greater Manchester area is looking for talented and experienced Travel Sales Consultant to work with them on a fulltime basis. As a Cruise Sales Specialist, you will be:  Taking inbound calls for leads generated from the company website or media advertising (e.g. newspaper ads). Some responses may be taken from brochures.  Generating leads in to bookings by creating dynamic packages.  Working to monthly targets based on various aspects of cruise bookings  e.g. selling extras such as car parking, VIP). This is counted per passenger.  Incentives also given to Travel Sales Consultants by cruise operators e.g. vouchers and offers. You will have the following skills:  Experience of using a GDS system  Experience of creating dynamic packages  Ability to selfpromote.  Fantastic work ethic with flexibility to 'do more' during peak business times.  Ability to 'make a difference on the phone' and impress customers with a memorable personality.  Superb sales technique incorporating a businesslike thought process.  Articulate with a professional approach both verbally & in writing.  Supremely organised and better than basic computer skills.  Excellent organisational skills  Strong team player  Positive and motivated approach  Outstanding customer service skills Benefits  Excellent bonus structure  Fantastic opportunity for career progression  Supportive team and friendly, supportive atmosphere  Good public transport links Working Hours: You will be required to work on a shift basis. There are **** main shifts  earlies and lates (exact times to be confirmed). Office hours are ****:**** to ****:**** Alternating shifts, Monday to Friday, 95****0 pm with ****28pm, Saturday 95pm Sunday ****04pm. ****7.5hrs per week, plus any necessary overtime paid at special rate. Weekends: You will also be required to work 1 in 3 Saturdays and 1 in 3 Sundays. This will be classed as overtime.  Note: Only applicants with the relevant experience will be considered for this position  If you are interested in this role and feel you have the necessary experience please email: deljaaappointments.com or call the Manchester office of AA Appointments on **** **** **** and ask for Del Jones. For other exciting travel industry roles, please visit our website: www.aaappointments.com. Want to earn ****??? Refer a friend or colleague to AA Appointments & if they are successfully placed in a new role, you will be rewarded with **** after a qualifying period	Manchester	Manchester	full_time	permanent	AA Appointments Group	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	13000 - 15000 per annum + OTE 21,000	14000	jobs.newstatesman.com	0
208051	72133747	Financial Difficulties Advisor / Customer Service	Financial Difficulties Advisor Leeds **** (increasing to **** after 3 months) My client, a growing debt purchaser based in Leeds city centre is looking to expand its Financial difficulties team with strong customer service candidates. THE ROLE Reporting to the Team Leader, you will be dealing with various Debt Management companies around the UK to ensure that a viable and satisfactory solution is achieved for each account. Your responsibilities will include: Compliant handling of inbound telephone calls from Debt Management companies, third parties and customers in a professional and polite manner Process and negotiate payment arrangements with Debt Management Companies both verbally and in writing Processing financial statements and offer of payments from authorised third parties, requesting authority when applicable and providing written responses Follow up on payment promises where Debt Management companies and third parties have failed to meet payment plans Ensure accurate and efficient data entry of payment proposals and associated information To ensure that all activities are carried out in a compliant manner and that all Treating Customer Fairly principles are observed THE PERSON You will have a background in Customer Care / Debt Management, and will be a good communicator with good listening and questioning skills. You will have a mature attitude and a good awareness for peoples indebtedness. Previous administration experience is desirable; however, you must have experience of working on the telephone. You must have excellent attention to detail and be able to manage your own workload to ensure you meet targets and deadlines. To be considered for this vacancy, please send your CV to Heather at JHR. Due to the amount of response we receive, unfortunately we are not able to give feedback to individuals, if you have not heard back within 5 days please assume that you have not been successful for the role you have applied for. (Jo Holdsworth Recruitment Recruitment Agency)	Leeds	Leeds			JHR	Accounting & Finance Jobs	14,302.58 (increase to 15,017.40 after 3 months)	14659	MyUkJobs	0
15627	66755463	Loss Prevention Officer	Must be age **** Age relates to SIA license. An oppurtunity has arisen as a Loss Prevention Officer in Lakeside, working for a prestigious client. Proven, checkable work or back to school history required. Duties include patrolling retail outlet, liaising with customers and management, store checks, health and safety checks and completing paperwork and writing reports. Succesful candidate will be willing to be flexible regarding hours. Benefits include: Simply Health plan. legal helpline and free uniform. To apply please send CV/ cover letter to . The employer has claimed an exception under the Equality Act 2010.	Lakeside	Lakeside	full_time		Oltec Group	Other/General Jobs	7.00 - 7.00 per hour	13440	Jobcentre Plus	0
63889	68705492	Senior Administrator / Part Time 10am to 300pm	My client is a leader in the built environment and their Health and Safety Department are looking for a Senior Administrator who is happy with part time hours working from 10am to 3pm Monday to Friday to cover sickness. Your responsibilities are  Dealing with emails regards to accidents that may occur and input these details on to a spreadsheet  dealing with inputting invoices on to spreadsheets  Diary management using both Outlook and a manual diary  telephones messages and any other administration that may be required. You need to a proactive individual as you work within an office on your own  however your line manager will be next door to assist you. IT SKills: Word/Excel/Outlook If you are happy with these hours and feel you have the skills for this role apply today without delay or call me on **** **** **** and ask for Kat.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAdministratorPartTime10amto300pm_job****	Nuneaton Warwickshire West Midlands	Nuneaton	part_time		Fusion People	Admin Jobs	7.50 - 8.50 per hour	15360	totaljobs.com	0
41417	68385074	C++ Engineer  Cambridge	Exciting new roles in Cambridge for C++ Development Engineer with multi threaded and windows (NT, XP, Vista) expertise. Applicants must have strong academics and solid experience of development with C++ projects, demonstrating a proven experience of developing innovative, effective and usable engineering / scientific styles applications. Knowledge of networking, graphics and realtime programming is highly desirable. The ability to understand and work with multitasking, multithreaded applications will be essential. Knowledge of Agile and scrum approaches is desired. The successful candidate will be designing and developing applications and core library functions for innovative network display products. The role involves design, development, implementation and testing of new desktop applications, algorithms, libraries and utilities. The successful applicant will be working in small to medium sized teams and able to write robust, reliable code that is appropriate for consumer products, whilst also being able to turn around new designs rapidly during the prototyping phase. Please send your CV to Emma Windows at IC Software. IC Software  your first contact for Embedded, DSP & Software jobs. Deep market knowledge and extensive contacts. Personal representation, strong ethics. www.icsoftware.com Keywords: C++, windows, multithreaded, NT, XP, Vista , Agile, Visual Studio, Network protocols , Cambridge, East Anglia, England, UK	Cambridgeshire, Cambridgeshire	Cambridgeshire			IC Software	Engineering Jobs	25000 - 50000 per annum + plus benefits	37500	jobs.electronicsweekly.com	0
63349	68703674	Product Manager	Product Manager, Manufacturing My client, a leading manufacturer of sophisticated fire and security products currently require an experienced Product Manager to join their expanding team based in South Wales. The Product Manager will ideally have experience within the manufacturing sector and have a knowledge of Fire and Security products. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Product Manager looking for a new challenge. Product Manager, Key Responsibilities:  Develop and carry out VOC research to identify market requirements and product enhancements  Develop **** year MGPP roadmap for the companies product portfolio  Analysis of product lines to identify trends, commercial opportunities and threats and provide recommendations via the monthly sales report.  Provide detailed product specification requirements to the Engineering and design team Prepare detailed business cases to back up product plans including target pricing and volume estimates  Evaluate VA/VE ( Value Added / Engineering) opportunities to reduce product cost and improve product performance  Review and prioritise requests from customers and commercial team and approve product changes and enhancements  Provide product training and assistance to Account Management team and customers Manage Propose and Define stages of the DEMEDI process and ensure specific deadlines are set and achieved  Ensure product Information available to all stakeholders is accurate  Promote the Companies products and services at trade shows and events  Represent the organisation on industry bodies  Provide competitor analysis and benchmarking in relation to the assigned product portfolio  Adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes  Make recommendations for SKU rationalisation and ensure any changes are communicated to interested stakeholders  Communicate product updates to interested stakeholders  Provide information and advice to the Communications Executive in regard to the assigned product portfolio The successful Product Manager will ideally:  Ability to work on own initiative and multi task  Wellstructured and organised with attention to detail  Able to assimilate complex data and concepts  Proactive and a proven track record in delivering to agreed timescales  Strong communication and influencing skills  Willing to travel within the UK Internationally If you are interested in this fantastic Product Manager opportunity, please apply and we will be in touch in the next **** hours. Project People Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManager_job****	Wales	Wales		permanent	Project People Ltd	Engineering Jobs	30000 - 40000 per annum	35000	totaljobs.com	0
90443	69168121	Technical Director / Technical Manager	A rare opportunity to join this market leading packaging machinery manufacturer at Board level. Success could lead to promotion to MD in the medium term. BASIC: Circa **** ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: 20% Annual bonus to circa ****  BMW ****  Executive Pension BUPA LOCATION: Swindon COMMUTABLE LOCATIONS: Swindon, Bristol, Oxford, Reading COMPANY PROFILE: A market leading manufacturer of packaging machinery supplying a broad range of machinery to the food market. Turnover has grown by ****% plus in the last 4 years and the company are in the process of doubling the size of their UK offices JOB SPECIFICATION: Reporting to the MD part of the senior management team you will be responsible for the strategic management of the companies Service, Spares Workshop functions comprising 40% of their turnover in excess of ****0 staff through **** direct line manager reports REQUIREMENTS: Technical Director / Technical Manager You MUST have a proven track record of success as a Technical Director or Manager You WILL have experience of working for a capital equipment manufacturer/sales Service operation Any experience of packaging machinery or the food market would be advantageous but is NOT essential You MUST be educated to degree level in an engineering discipline You will be a commercially minded business manager who can inspire lead a large team You will have a track record of successful strategic management including formulation implementation of growth plans. PROSPECTS: Technical Director / Technical Manager Are excellent. The company nearly always promote from within so success in this role could lead to promotion to MD in the medium term. For more vacancies please follow us on Facebook, Twitter, visit www.wallacehind.com or find the consultant below on LinkedIn. INTERESTED? Please contact our retained consultant Mike Horsley quoting Technical Director / Technical Manager and reference MPH****TDM at apply.a****kd****df****pwallacehind.aptrack.co Wallace Hind Selection, The Old Vicarage, Duston, Northants, NN5 ****JB. www.wallacehind.com   This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalDirectorTechnicalManager_job****	Swindon Wiltshire South West	Swindon		permanent	Wallace Hind Selection	Engineering Jobs	C75k + 20% Annual bonus c90k	82500	totaljobs.com	1
239710	72629776	Graduate engineer	Are you a mechanical engineering graduate looking for a technically challenging role that will develop your skills sets and give you the opportunity to progress into senior engineering roles? Graduate engineer Bristol ****&x2019 **** ****&x2019 ****  Training  development  progression  Pension  25 days holiday Are you a mechanical engineering graduate looking for a technically challenging role that will develop your skills sets and give you the opportunity to progress into senior engineering roles? This company develops and employs unique technologies and expertise for the measurement, management and assessment of stresses in engineering components. Specialising in the DeepHole Drilling stress measurement techniques among others, this company provide clients with complete stress measurements from fullscale components which can then be used for analytical validations and Engineering Critical Assessments This is an ideal role for a graduate engineer with a degree in mechanical engineering to join a company that will give you an excellent start to your career by exposing you to high level engineering work. The Person: Project manage the stress testing and analysis activities faced in the laboratory and onsite worldwide these include creating solutions for the adaptation and use of our testing equipment on the wide range of applications faced. Analyse the raw data generated during the testing process (by support technicians) and create technical reports for presenting the results to clients.  Provide client support as the Project Manager from contract signing to final delivery. Design, maintenance and repair of our equipment which includes the design and assembly of mechanical parts and basic electronics. R&D of equipment, analyses and methodologies used in the supply of our services. The Role: Degree in mechanical engineering. Good Knowledge of CAD software. Candidates that have knowledge of structural materials testing, instrumentation, stress measurement and analysis techniques will have an advantage. Graduate, Mechanical, Engineer, Projects, Design, Development, Testing, component level, electromechanical, mechatronics, mechanical engineering, stress, BEng, BSc, MEng, MSc, graduate engineer, To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please contact us on: **** **** **** or visit our website at www.risetechnical.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed.	UK Bristol	Bristol		permanent	Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd	Engineering Jobs	24000 - 30000 per annum	27000	careers4a.com	0
68892	68802011	Project Manager  Financial Services	Project Manager  Financial Services Project Manager required by a leading financial services organisation located on the Surrey/Sussex boarder. Working within the organisations change management function the successful candidate will be responsible for project managing a broad range of multidiscipline (IT and Business Process) projects through the complete project life cycle. The successful candidate will need to have a proven track record of delivering end to end projects with budget responsibility of **** mil upwards. The position will involve significant interaction with senior stakeholders and therefore candidates will need to have a strong communication skills combined with the ability to manage multiple stakeholders across a large multiple location organisation. The position will involves approximately 30% travel to other sites within the UK on a weekly basis. Project Manager (Financial Services) Required Experience: Proven track record of delivering end to end multidiscipline projects. Strong financial services background (Insurance experience would be highly beneficial). Experience of managing projects in excess of **** mil. Exceptional communication and stakeholder management experience. Prince **** qualified. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a leading financial services organisation offering career progression and a comprehensive benefits package.	South East	South East London	full_time	permanent	Investigo Change Solutions	Accounting & Finance Jobs	60000.00 - 70000.00 GBP Annual	65000	jobs.newstatesman.com	1
172701	71420428	Field Sales Executive – Internet, Telecommunications & IT Sales	Field Sales Executive  Internet, Telecommunications IT Sales (OTE ****K) Greenford, Greater London (office/field based, covering the UK) **** (OTE ****) Plus Subsidised Gym Membership, Healthcare (after 12 months service), Home Broadband, 25 Days' Holiday  Public Holidays Are you a telecoms or IT sales professional with a proven track record of exceeding customer expectations? Looking to join an innovative solutions provider offering significant rewards within an expanding market place? If so, read on. Our client provides internet, IT and cloud solutions to a wide range of business customers throughout the UK. They are now seeking a Field Sales Executive to join our team. Reporting to the UK Sales Director, as a Field Sales Executive, you will be responsible for generating new business from customers throughout the UK. Selling our client's internet, IT and cloud solutions, you will manage existing accounts and act as an ambassador for the business at all times. You will travel to customer sites throughout the UK (primarily London) and work from our client's Greenford office for a minimum of two days per week. Your other duties will include:  Identifying new business opportunities  Writing proposals and preparing quotations  Leading presentations and demonstrations to prospects  Managing client relationships To be considered for this role, you must have:  Previous IT, internet services or telecommunications sales or technical experience with a demonstrable track record of achieving KPI's  Good commercial awareness in a sales context  A full valid driving licence Additionally, as a Field Sales Executive, you must have excellent presentation, interpersonal and communication skills. You must also be adept at closing business and nurturing long term relationships. Whilst not essential, previous telecommunications, internet or hosted IT services sales experience would be beneficial to your application. To apply for the role of Field Sales Executive, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Field Sales Executive, IT Sales, Telecommunications Sales Business Development Executive, Business Development Manager, Internal Sales Executive, Sales Account Executive, Senior Sales Executive, IT Sales Executive, Area Sales Manager, Field Sales Manager, Territory Sales Manager. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveInternetTelecommunicationsITSales_job****	Greenford Middlesex South East	UK			Web Recruit Ltd	Sales Jobs	25,000 (OTE 45,000)	35000	salestarget.co.uk	0
95434	69216155	Deputy Service Manager	Job Title : Deputy Service Manager Location : Birmingham, West Midlands Salary : ****k  ****k  OnCall Allowances An exciting opportunity has recently arisen to join our client's team in Birmingham as a Deputy Service Manager. They have rapidly become a leading care provider supporting adults with learning disabilities to live independent lifestyles within their own homes. Care and support is designed on an individual basis to meet the needs of the Service User and to promote their independence. The role of Deputy Service Manager will be to assist the Birmingham Service Manager in managing the daytoday delivery of their Supported Living services in the region; ensuring statutory, contractual and organisational requirements and standards are monitored and maintained at all times. To work with the Birmingham Service Manager to maintain and develop new and existing relationships with the local LD Services Team, Local NHS Teams, The Care Quality Commission and Advocacy services. To support the Birmingham Service Manager and Development Team, in the development of new services; taking on operational management of such services if required, until the appropriate recruitment has been completed. To provide daytoday management and support, to a team of Project Managers. To ensure that high quality and person centred services are delivered at all times across the region. The successful candidate will possess: Management qualification at Diploma Level (minimum RMA or NVQ Level 4 Leadership & Management) Relevant experience at a Deputy (Senior) Management Level within the Care Sector Experience of working with Adults with Learning Disabilities Experience of Managing Supported Living services Experience of promoting a person centred service for adults with learning disabilities Relevant Experience of developing and line managing dispersed teams within the care sector Experience of influencing staff in other areas of the business Experience of liaising with HR and leading on HR related matters. Experience of contract compliance Sound knowledge of CQC outcomes and standards Sound knowledge of the principles of Person Centred Planning Full UK driving licence Flexibility with working hours, across 7 days a week Please apply online with your CV.	BIRMINGHAM, WEST MIDLANDS	Birmingham	full_time	permanent		Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	28k - 30k + On-Call Allowances	29000	fish4.co.uk	0
240090	72634912	Maintenance Manager	Our client specialises in the provision of production equipment maintenance through a managed service within a diverse range of manufacturing environments, and following continued growth and success in winning new business they are now seeking to recruit a selfmotivated multidisciplined maintenance professional to complement and coordinate the activities of an established team. As the onsite leader of the maintenance team, you will be responsible for ensuring the customer receives the highest level of service from maintenance provider. You should be able to demonstrate the skills necessary to identify, measure and achieve the growth opportunities associated with the maintenance provision and be able to communicate these growth plans to both your customer management team and internal company support. You will need to be confident in working autonomously, as well as enjoy being part of the team, and be able to undertake a range of activities that will include (but not be limited to) developing customer relationships, directing repair and purchasing decisions and, through use of excellent delegation and leadership skills, determine the daily work and action plans. This role demands exceptional communication and organisational skills as well as a proven aptitude for leadership and technical knowledge to support a multidisciplined maintenance provision. Additionally you will be responsible for the implementation and enforcement of the Site Safety Program, and will conduct regular team and onetoone meetings, undertaking performance evaluations and identifying career planning, training, and skills development needs. In order to ensure continuous customer satisfaction, you will provide both internal and external customer inventory support as needed and will regularly conduct meetings with customer plant managers to review performance measurements. To be considered for this varied and challenging role, it is envisaged that the successful candidate will be qualified to degree level or equivalent in a relevant engineering discipline and will be able to demonstrate at least 5 years successful management experience gained within a commercial engineering environment. You will possess a full UK driving licence and will be commercially astute, demonstrating previous financial experience associated with P&L and budgetary management. In return, an attractive remuneration package, and a wide scope for career progression are available within this globally renowned organisation. Contact the Maintenance Team at Premier Technical Recruitment on (Apply online only) or email your cv to (url removed) for details and a confidential discussion regarding your requirements	Malvern, Hereford Worcestershire	UK		permanent	Premier Technical Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	40000 - 45000/annum benefits	42500	cv-library.co.uk	0
169768	71342922	Credit Controller	8226;Responsible for the credit control and cash collection of half of the ledger ****; This represents **** ****;**** accounts ****; 8226;Setting cash collection targets and reporting day sales outstanding key performance indicator 8226;Cash receipts and allocations 8226;Placing accounts on stop 8226;New Account applications including external credit checking and trade references 8226;Legal proceedings for persistent late payers 8226;Account queries 8226;Ensuring Credits Notes are raised promptly for price or returns issues 8226;Liaising with fellow subsidiaries to ensure group debts are understood and the appropriate collection strategy followed 8226;Managing accounts in administration to ensure the business registers it rsquo;s debt with the relevant insolvency personnel Microsoft Office ****; Word ****; Excel Excellent telephone manner ****; Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents ****; A successful organisation who have continued plans for expansion ****; A competitive salary and benefits ****; Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel ****; Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials ****; We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview ****; Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy	Kent	Kent		permanent	Page Personnel	Accounting & Finance Jobs	16000 - 19000 per annum	17500	jobsincredit.com	0
19949	67107085	Optometrists  New Jobs for 2013	Optometrists  new Jobs for 2013 Our clients  major High Street opticians are looking for you Team player and some one that wants to go to work and enjoy the day Not just show up Working and getting along with your colleagues is a big part of a happy environment If you have decided to make the change, do it now Send your CV, I will speak to you asap, find out exactly what you want, tell you if I can get you it Work with you to find the plum job Reading, Sheffield, Basingstoke, Bedford, Chelmsford, Newcastle, Dumfries, Carlisle, too many to mention Part time roles too Salary, ****K  ****K  Benefits Bonus Send your cv; 	Reading, Basingstoke, Exeter, Sheffield, Leeds, Greater London, Lincolnshire, Northamptonshire, Norfolk, Northumberland, Cumbria	London			McCartney Maxwell Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	32K- 50K + Benefits Bonus	41000	jobs.opticianonline.net	0
237502	72600582	Pharmacy Technician Higher Level  PHA/RIE/2012/****/****/SHOW	Provide effective distribution services by coordinating the work of the technical staff and Assistant Technical Officers in distribution to ensure that all duties are carried out effectively and efficiently to meet customer needs Support the Head of Medicines Procurement Distribution in the monitoring maintenance and development of the distribution service Develop and manage efficient systems of work within area of control To request an application pack email your name address and job ref number. Email:recruitmentnhslothian.scot.nhs.uk or (****hrs)	Edinburgh	Edinburgh	full_time		NHS Lothian	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	21,176.00 - 27,625.00 per year	24400	Jobcentre Plus	0
136606	70336254	Foster Carer	Are you looking for a rewarding career that really makes a difference to a child’s life? Foster Carers are sought to join this nationwide children’s charity in Southampton, to welcome a child or young person into your home and care for them full time. There is a huge shortage of Foster Carers in the UK, and this organisation is recruiting carers to help give children and young people the care and support they need to thrive in a family home environment. This organisation works with over 50,000 children and young people and runs **** projects across the UK. They tackle issues such as child neglect and abuse whilst offering a range of innovative services to children in care, disabled children, young people and families. TITLE: Foster Carer LOCATION: Southampton EARNINGS: **** per week, (or more depending on number of placements etc.) BENEFITS: 24 hour support, continuous training & development, paid respite breaks and competitive allowances The ideal Foster Carer will possess the following: •A spare room in your home •The energy and maturity to care for a child who needs a Foster Home •Experience of working with or caring for children or young people •The ability to care for a child full time •Appropriate safe access and safety equipment such as smoke alarms fitted in your home As a Foster Carer you will be given round the clock support either over the phone, by email or in person. Foster Carers are valued for their skills and contribution and are rewarded with continuous training and development, including NVQ qualifications. Foster Carers come from all kinds of backgrounds. Some are married, some are single and some live with a partner. Everyone brings different experiences to the job but they do share a passion – making a difference and doing something life changing. Please click to apply for the opportunity to become a Foster Carer in Southampton If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Child Care, Social Work, Foster Carer, Child Support, Social Care, Residential Carer, Youth Worker, Foster Parent in Southampton Ref: NEA****SOa	Southampton	Southampton	full_time		eRecruit Solutions Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	28340	28340	careerbuilder.com	0
28204	67947327	Infrastructure Specialist	Infrastructure Specialist, Kent, ****k Job Role: Reporting directly to the Head of IT Operations, the role has a particular focus on all aspects of Ecommerce Corporate infrastructure. The role will work alongside the Head of eCommerce Development to ensure that all Ecommerce environments, including production, are available and performant. The role will also work alongside the Head of IT Development to ensure that all Retail and Warehouse environments are available and performant. Responsibilities: Systems/Processes  Work with Heads of eCommerce Development and IT Development to ensure all environments, including production, QA and development are available and performant this should cover ongoing regular maintenance, capacity planning, documentation and fault management.  This role is expected to have excellent man management skills and can manage multi disciplinary IT and other teams in order to achieve objectives. The role will have in depth knowledge of the following skills:  Linux or other flavours of Unix  Windows Server (all flavours)  MacOS  Virtualisation  ****PAR SAN NAS  Apache  MySQL or other Linux/Unix based databases  Microsoft SQL server  HP Cisco switching routing  Watchguard Juniper firewalls  Remote access VPN solutions Please note that this job description is a snap shot of the essential requirements of the role at the time when it was developed and as the role evolves the duties and responsibilities of the job may change.	Kent	Kent		permanent	Computer People  Limited	Retail Jobs	48000.00 - 50000.00 pa	49000	jobsite.co.uk	1
134283	70252917	Field Service Engineer	********  Vehicle  Pension  Private Health Care  OTE of ********K Working from home covering a patch inside the M25 • Do you in North, North West or Central London? • Do you have field service experience? • Do you want to work for a market leader? Then apply now. ATA are short listing for client interviews now. The Company: My client are a market leader in the sales and service of bespoke water heating equipment and have a portfolio of commercial and industrial clients throughout the UK. The Role: They are looking for a field service engineer to install, service and repair this equipment at their customers sites. This will involve organising service visits, meeting customers and conducting electrical, mechanical and basic plumbing type maintenance on a this bespoke product range. You will also be expected to speak to customers about new products and the benefits of service contracts, thereby identifying new opportunities for the business. Required Experience: • Electrically Qualified • White goods or Vending Machine type background (electrical and plumbing) • Field Service Experience Benefits: My client offers an excellent salary and benefits package that including company vehicle, private medical, life assurance, OTE of up to ****K  and the stability and security of working for a market leader. To apply please follow the online instructions or call Andrew Bairstow at the Leeds office of ATA Recruitment on **** or send a CV to andrew.bairstowatarecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldServiceEngineer_job****	South East	South East London		permanent	ATA	Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	23k - 26k per year + Van + OT + Pension + medical	24500	totaljobs.com	0
83576	69056145	Commercial Van Sales Specialist  Vauxhall Chingford	Commercial Van Sales Specialist Vauxhall Chingford **** basic salary, **** OTE with uncapped bonus, company benefits and Company Car Overview You will see from our website and our recent financial results that we are a rapidly becoming one of the Country's leading automotive retailers. We currently operate over **** franchised outlets throughout England and Scotland employing over **** people and have very strong relationships with the manufacturers we represent. We are the 9th largest retail motor group in the UK and will be expanding as we drive our business forward into 20****2. We are very well placed in to achieve our growth and performance objectives and are constantly building our capacity to improve the business further. We have a clear vision to become recognised as the most progressive motor retailer and our Mission Statement is To deliver an outstanding customer motoring experience through honesty and trust. We are committed to supporting our sales colleagues to achieve our vision and mission through the provision of continuous training, coaching and development. Our competitive advantage lies in the quality of people we employ, their ability to drive themselves to achieve targets and their capability to do so while following our defined sales process. Our strong marketing strategy and stocking practices provide an excellent opportunity for Sales colleagues to excel and earn well for performing well. In return we set clear targets and expectations and support colleagues fully to achieve them. With that in mind we are selective about who we employ and expect that they drive the sales business forward passionately and build trust with all our customers in line with our values. Our Company is successful and growing  now is the time to get involved if you possess energy, talent, attitude, character and a passion for achieving excellent CSI (Customer Satisfaction) results. Role & Responsibilities The key responsibilities of this role are as follows: Customer Satisfaction (CSI): To build trust, communicate well and exceed customer satisfaction expectations and, where there is a manufacturer score to exceed their national average. To provide a servicebased experience to customers and make them feel the value of placing their custom with the Company. Maximising Opportunities: Maximising the opportunity to do business through prospecting, followingup prospects, handling inbound phone enquiries, walk in prospects and Internet enquiries and by developing the Customer Relationships through creating an effective first impression and to qualify the customer thoroughly in a professional and courteous manner of product presentation. In addition to gain referral business (Recommend a Friend). Maximising Profit: Through achieving the monthly targets, set by your Manager, for unit sales, profit per unit, finance penetration and addon products in a professional and honest manner. Data Quality and FSA Compliance: To accurately and vigorously collect all customer contact and vehicle data in order to maximise the quality and content of the customer database. Manage and maintain through the manager your Diary in line with Group strategy and to ensure that you adhere to the Company`s FSA obligations at all times. What we`re looking for We are currently looking for a very talented individual to join our Sales Team, selling a combination of new and/or used commercial vans and vehicles, with a wide range of finance and insurance products. You do need experience in this role with a proven track record of sales andperformance. What you also need is unlimited confidence, resilience, drive, energy and talent. You will be well presented with a desire, character and attitude to succeed. You will have the ability to quickly establish and build rapport. You will also possess a clean driving licence and either be FSA approved or willing to be trained. This role is **** hours plus per week, working between ****.****0am until 7pm and includes weekends. We are looking for individuals who possess the following attributes: Are target driven Have good planning, Time Management and Organising Skills Literacy & Numeracy Customer service orientated Good Communication Positive Attitude Strong Influencing Skills What You Can Expect If you are successful you can look forward to a guaranteed bonus for the first 3 month while we support you in your learning.: Weeks 1 to ****: **** guaranteed bonus per week. Weeks **** to 8: **** guaranteed bonus per week. Weeks 9 to ****: **** guaranteed bonus per week. You can also expect ongoing training opportunities, career progression and a range of benefits you would expect from an employer of choice, including a competitive salary and performancerelated bonus, company car, childcare voucher scheme, share incentive plan, vertu rewards and pension scheme. If you are interested in joining the most progressive team in the industry please apply.	Romford	Romford			Vertu Motors	Trade & Construction Jobs	18000-40000 Per Annum OTE with uncapped bonus, company benefits	29000	MyUkJobs	0
45637	68548298	Out of Hours Supervisor	Medacs Healthcare currently has an exciting opportunity to join our out of hours service as a supervisor. Medacs Healthcare operates ****65 days a year and our out of hours service operates on evenings, weekends and bank holidays. You will be responsible for supervising a team of staff who keep our busy homecare division running smoothly. The role involves evening and weekend work with alternate bank holidays. Pay between **** and **** per hour. Main purpose of the job To ensure a high quality service provision that meets the company’s quality framework and operates ****4 hours a day 365 days a year. To ensure the office runs effectively during the shift. To manage service planning, development and delivery. To support and comply with the National Minimum Standards. To work with all service users/clients and promote their independence. To work with the OOH trainer to ensure all staff are trained and fully compliant Main duties: To supervise the OOH team during your shift, ensuring high standards of practice are maintained. To identify any additional training your team may require and feedback to OOH trainer. To advise OOH staff on issues throughout the shift. To cover sickness and absence in OOH on your shift and report back to registered manager. To take the lead with any complaints and pass over to branch staff and registered manager To allocate tasks to OOH team for the days shift. In case of emergency take responsibility of the team and complete evacuation procedures. Ensure care workers use the electronic monitoring (contract specific). To understand and attend relevant training which is deemed necessary to the post, in order to enhance skills and service delivery. To understand and comply fully to all company policies, procedures and guidelines. Person specification: NVQ 2/3 (desirable) Excellent customer service skills. Ability to communicate on all levels Strong organisational skills. Must be able to work as part of a team Recruitment experience (desirable)	Salford Quays, Greater Manchester	UK	full_time			Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	7.50 to 10.50 per hour	17280	careworx.co.uk	0
232512	72479095	Chief Financial Officer	****x Chief Financial Officers: Air Materiel, Fleet Materiel, Land Materiel and Joint Enablers Materiel Defence Equipment and Support ****k | Bristol Corsham Defence Equipment and Support (DE S) is responsible for providing equipment and support to the Armed Forces for current and future operations. It is headquartered in Bristol, with other sites located across the UK and overseas. DE S acquires and supports throughlife equipment and services ranging from ships, aircraft, vehicles and weapons to information systems and satellite communications, managing an annual expenditure of some ****bn on new equipment and equipment support projects on behalf of the MoD. As well as sustaining ongoing requirements including food, clothing, medical supplies and temporary accommodation, DE S works closely with industry through, inter alia, partnering agreements and private finance initiatives to seek and deliver effective solutions for Defence. Transforming Defence is one of the most ambitious and challenging change programmes to take place for decades, and is designed to deliver the vision of a smaller but still battlewinning Armed Forces supported by a streamlined, more professional MoD. As part of this programme, DE S has embarked on an ambitious programme of significant change and modernisation to improve services, skills and governance both to the organisation and to the MoD as a whole. We are seeking to appoint **** Chief Financial Officers, one for each of the DE S Materiel business areas. Acting as the senior financial advisor to the Chief of Materiel for the area, you will take responsibility for developing, operating and maintaining the financial planning, accounting and control and will support the efficient costing and management of the resources allocated to the business to deliver its outputs. A qualified accountant who has operated at Director level in a complex, commercially focused, large scale capital environment, you will have significant financial management experience and a successful track record in longterm accounting, contracts and capital projects. For an information pack giving more details of the roles and the organisation, please visit the Veredus website quoting reference number **** Closing date for applications is Monday, 18 February 2013.	Wiltshire,Corsham	UK		permanent	Jobsite Jobs	Accounting & Finance Jobs	95000.00 - 105000.00 GBP Annual + Competitive + 1	100000	jobsite.co.uk	1
2138	52784823	Highly Experienced Home Manager	Highly Experienced Home Manager Required for Nursing Home in Lingfield, Surrey **** Eclypse Recruitment is currently looking to recruit a highly experienced Home Manager for a 40 bedded nursing and residential care home in Lingfield, Surrey. The home is part of an excellent group which offers high end nursing and residential care to elderly people. The home is a beautiful refurbished property which is set in its own grounds. The home has recently had a lot of money spent on it and the refurb has been done to a very high specification. The home needs an experienced home manager who can manage the home to a high standard and who can develop the service continually in the local area. We are looking for a candidate who has the following skills and experiences: Ideally a qualified nurse although this is not essential Must have your NVQ Level 4 in Care and/or your Registered Managers Award A home manager who is exceptional at staff management and leadership We can only look at candidates who have previously management residential or nursing homes with a minimum of 30 beds and which catered for the elderly You must have excellent business acumen and be able to successfully manage your own budget and market a home well Strong CQC experience The owner of this home is keen to recruit a really exceptional home manager for this gorgeous nursing home in Lingfield, Surrey. If you are an experienced manager our client is looking to pay **** and above for the right person. There is also a lucrative bonus structure on offer. If you are interested in this post then please contact Becky on **** **** **** for more information.	Lingfield, Surrey	Lingfield				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	40000 to 45000 per year	42500	careworx.co.uk	0
78450	69015047	HR Manager	One of the UK s leading providers of business support services are seeking to recruit an experienced CIPD qualified HR Manager. You will need to be able to demonstrate strong generalist experience particularly with ER related issues and have experience of Change Management issues ideally in a unionised environment. The role will be Midlands based but will require extensive travel throughout the Midlands and the South of England to support employees and Line Manager across the organisations extensive branch network. This is a long established and successful business who continually strive to remain at the forefront of strong employee engagement and effective and profitable working practice to maintain the organisations focus on delivering an enviable product to all its clients.If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check	Coventry, West Midlands	Coventry		permanent	Equal Approach Limited	HR & Recruitment Jobs	37500 - 40000/annum	38750	cv-library.co.uk	0
16961	66904917	Creative Artworker / Designer (Print and Digital) – Marketing Agency – Bucks  **** to ****	Creative Artworker / Designer working on Print, Web and social capaigns. This is a opportunity with a brilliant agency that is widely regarded as the best at what they do. They are a team of 25 people based in stunning surroundings and gorgeous premises in Bucks. What do they do? They are a groundbreaking brand engagement agency with more than 30 years experience in the marketing industry. They build brand loyalty, reward great performance and incentivise growth with some of the world s biggest brands. From firstclass creative branding to arresting on and offline marketing campaigns, impactful live events to targeted incentive programmes, their experienced communications and events teams develop great ideas that drive better results. Their clients are household names, many within the home entertainment and technology sectors. What s the job? As a pivotal member of the creative team you would be creating; Branding, marketing and event collateral for huge household names Interface design for websites and micro sites Agency branding and promotion Pitch designs for new clients Work on social media campaigns Who would it suit? The ideal candidate will be bright, energetic, well educated and already have experience doing a similar web and print based role in a marketing communications and or mixed media. You ll be a confident, organised person that is capable of multitasking and reacting quickly to briefs. You ll need to be up to date with current trends in design and marketing and be able to learn quickly with changes in both the market and software. You ll have a great sense of humour and be able to drive as there is no public transport that will reach the office What do you get? As well as being part of one of the greatest teams out of town and working in some of the nicest offices in a gorgeous setting, the salary is pitched between **** and **** dependent on experience.	Bucks	Buckinghamshire	full_time	permanent	Stonor	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	22k to 28k	25000	Brand Republic Jobs	0
149492	70763047	Break Press Setter Operator Supervisor	Urgently seeking a Night Shift Break Press Setter Operator Supervisor to work for a Busy printing company in Letchworth The role involves supervising a team on the night shift ****:00  ****:00 Mon  Thur with over time available The role is expected to last until early April but for the right applicant this could be extended. Please send your C.V or call (Apply online only)	Letchworth Garden City, Hertfordshire	Letchworth Garden City		contract	Brookstreet UK	Manufacturing Jobs	8 - 10/hour	17280	cv-library.co.uk	0
223974	72404550	Laboratory Technician  Maternity Leave Cover 612 months	My client are an engineering company based in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire who will require a Laboratory Technician for Maternity Leave cover starting early February for 612 months. JOB PURPOSE: To help oversee the product development test laboratories; facilitating all aspects of physical testing. To help improve our facilities and expertise. When required the role will also require project work and production support. ATTRIBUTES/ REQUIREMENTS: This is an opportunity to learn new things, take on new roles and expand your skills for a period of six to 12 months. We will provide necessary training and mentoring. We just seek the following attributes: Willingness to learn Enthusiasm enjoys variety, multiskilling and varied workloads. Good team player with excellent communication skills Open minded, looking for ways to improve and develop Good at creating ideas and enjoys innovation Willing to take on a challenge A pride in your work OBJECTIVES/ Key Tasks: Involved in both the delivery of the test laboratory programme of work and in production, there is a wide range of job functions. These will include: Support the testing department work schedule  actively planning for testing, work instructions, training etc To become an expert with and use various test equipment in the development of products and assist with development and assembly of new equipment, tools and jigs as required. Assist in outlining and preparing tests and with analysing data and report writing/preparation of result as required Assisting with research e.g. test types, standards, material information etc Assist in the evaluation and testing of new products, materials etc Participate in relevant product development projects. To cooperate with project engineers, and people from other departments to deliver test programmes and ensure they meet the project requirements. Ensure the Equipment Calibration is undertaken and accurate at all times. Support the Certification of relevant products. E.g. Pedestrian legform, knee ligaments. Deliver the preparation of samples for both customers and inhouse testing. Assist with the preparation of job packs and drawings for production purposes. Help ensure the safe running of the Laboratory  relying on common sense, concern for yourself and others, training, and follow appropriate guidelines and legislation. To carryout various production roles as and when required. Maintaining the ****S principals in the laboratory. To adhere to health and safety regulations (including adequate knowledge of COSHH, MSDS, PPE) To attend relevant training courses, to enhance and learn new skills. To plan and undertake specific projects (NB: Due to the dynamic nature of the work new projects are continuously being developed and additional tasks may be required) GENERAL: Ensure a professional, quality service (external and internal) is provided at all times. Be conversant with and adhere to the Company s Health, Safety, Quality and Environmental Policies and all other Company Rules and Policies. Ensure others follow. Liaise closely with relevant departments to ensure effective communication regarding all aspects of your work. Continually look for ways to improve, e.g. processes, procedures, test equipment, etc,Work will be primarily related to: Material Testing Product Development Projects e.g. testing of new products like pedestrian friendly bonnets, architectural panels, crash test dummy parts etc Quality Testing Developing new equipment Customer Test Programs  e.g. honeycomb testing, providing reports, high speed footage etc Problem Solving Calibration Testing Production Support	Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire	Huntingdon		contract	VGC	Engineering Jobs	17000/annum	17000	cv-library.co.uk	0
45614	68548021	ENGLISH TEACHER	A long term placement has opened up in the Birmingham for a suitably qualified English Teacher. The successful candidate will be required to teach from Key Stage **** to Key Stage **** The position is due to start in February. The school has a very hard working team of staff and pupils who strive to achieve the best results across all areas of learning and school life. The school encourages pupils to develop their skills, which means teaching the pupils will be an engaging and enjoyable experience for both you and the pupils. You will receive lots of help and support from the staff and the Headteacher whilst you work at the school and you will receive guidance from the other members of the English Department. You will need to be able to teach English to a high standard. You will also be required to create informative, engaging and inspiring lessons for the pupils so they achieve the grades they have been set. You will need to be able to communicate well with staff and pupils and develop working relationships which will further raise the standard of learning and help to develop the school further. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: •You must have the legal right to work in the UK •You must hold QTS or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualification •This position is subject to an Enhanced CRB Disclosure, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) and professional reference checks •Your CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and any employment breaks must be explained DISCLAIMER 'No terminology in the above advertisement is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Tradewind Recruitment is proud to be an Equal Opportunities Employer and accepts applications from all sections of the community.’	Birmingham	Birmingham		contract	Tradewind Recruitment	Teaching Jobs	36400	36400	careerbuilder.com	0
66843	68714672	Events Officer	This is an exciting opportunity to work as an Events Officer in a high profile Professional Membership Association based in Central London. In this role you will take the lead in organising an annual portfolio of conferences and special events. You will be responsible for income generation, project management, programme development, marketing, venue sourcing and negotiation, speaking handling and all logistical arrangements and financial management of all assigned meetings while providing a high level of customer service to internal and external stakeholders. This is a varied and busy role The ideal candidate for this Events Officer role will have the following skills and experience:  Significant experience working in the events industry for a notforprofit professional association  Strong communicator with excellent interpersonal skills both in person and on the telephone  Demonstrable persuading and influencing skills and the ability to use them on individuals at a variety of levels both internally and externally  Experienced at preparing both print and online marketing collateral  Familiar with the budgeting, forecasting and reporting process for events  Strong team player  Good IT skills especially Word and Excel and have an affinity with databases and proven Our client is a high profile Professional Membership Association based in Central London ****  Generous Benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EventsOfficer_job****	Central London / West End London South East	London		permanent	Michael Page Marketing	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	26000	26000	totaljobs.com	0
124252	69968729	Group Reporting Accountant Job  Hertfordshire	Due to internal promotion this market leading consumer retail business is seeking a Group Reporting Accountant (ACA / ACCA) to support the Finance function in all aspects of accounting and reporting. This role will focus on leading the month end accounting and reporting cycle; maintaining and improving accounting and reporting processes. The role has senior stakeholder interaction which has provided a proven track record of internal progression. Reporting to the Financial Controller key tasks will be: Production of monthly management / board packs including the P&L, BS, Cash Flow, KPI's and ratios Balance Sheet reconciliations Responsibility for delivering the monthly accounting Prepayment and Accrual account maintenance Stock issues with Rental assets Month end reporting Support production of Statutory accounts Experience of group accounting and reporting under IFRS is essential whilst experience of statutory reporting would also be desirable. The successful candidate must possess strong analytical and problem solving skills and have the ability to work effectively under pressure and maintain a professional approach. If you are interested in the role of Group Reporting Accountant please do not hesitate to apply today. Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****	Hertfordshire	Hertfordshire	full_time	permanent		Accounting & Finance Jobs	40,000 - 47,000 per year, 20% Bonus + Pension + Healthcare	43500	randstadfp.com	1
127837	70075346	Senior Science Technician	****7 hours per week, ****2 weeks per year **** per annum Tendring Technology College is a key member of The Academies Enterprise Trust (AET), a multiAcademy sponsor which aims to provide the opportunity for all young learners to fulfil their real potential, broaden their horizons and become active, prosperous and successful citizens in the world around them. Tendring Technology College is a large successful **** mixed Technology Centre, which has two campuses; Frinton Campus (KS****S**** (Sixth form), ages ****) and Thorpe Campus (KS3 ages ****). The Science Department is a forward thinking department offering the three disciplines of Science from age **** upwards. We have high expectations for attainment and effort. As well as promoting academic rigour, we aim to convey the excitement and fun of the subject through demonstrations and practical exercises. The Senior Science Technician will coordinate technical support for Science Teachers, oversee storage, use and maintenance of apparatus for lessons and overseeing the work of the Frinton Campus Technicians. You will prepare apparatus for lessons, organise the preparation and dark room and organise testing and repairing of equipment. The successful candidate will have several years experience of working in a technical capacity in a scientific or similar environment. As the sponsor, the AET believes that all young people deserve to become worldclass learners to learn, enjoy, succeed and thrive in a first rate educational environment with the best facilities, the best teaching and the most uptodate resources available to them. In each of the AET academies, you will benefit from visionary, inspirational and dynamic leadership and be empowered to develop your own skills with access to worldclass CPD and Talent Management programmes. You will also be offered membership of a private health cash plan, the Ford Advantage Scheme and be entitled to Childcare Vouchers. This position is due to commence April 2013. Closing date: 18 February 2013. We reserve the right to close this vacancy early should we receive an overwhelming response. All candidates are advised to refer to the job description and person specification before making an application. For further information on this position and to make an application please visit: www.academiesenterprisetrust.org/careers Each of the academies within the AET is committed to safeguarding and protecting the welfare of children and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. A Disclosure and Barring Service Certificate will be required for all posts.	Essex	Essex	full_time	permanent	ACADEMIES ENTERPRISE TRUST	Teaching Jobs	17,496.40 per annum	17496	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
73383	68994707	Call Centre Professionals	My client is looking for target driven call centre professionals to join their reputable and large company based in Worthing. The role is heavily telephone based within the financial service s industry, where you will be contacting clients who have fallen behind on their financial obligations to discuss and negotiate payment plans in line with their circumstances. The right candidate must be target driven as there is a generous bonus structure in place, you will have working knowledge of working in a call centre, either within collections, telesales or customer services where you have had to up sell or cross sell additional products or services. This role comes with a great basic of ********k and an OTE of ****k along with a great benefit package. The working hours are on a rotating shift pattern  two weeks 12pm  8pm followed by one week of 8am  4.30pm. They are looking for immediate starters so if you think you have got what it takes to be successful in a target driven role call Sarah (Apply online only) or submit your CV today	Worthing, West Sussex	Worthing		permanent	Classic Consulting  Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	16000 - 18000/annum 25k OTE + benefit package	17000	cv-library.co.uk	0
189876	71738439	Senior Web Developer	Senior Web Developer A fantastic opportunity for an experienced Senior Web Developer to join a Global professional services firm. My Client is looking for a credible Senior Web Developer that will be responsible for the following:  Contributing to the development of projects  Promoting and implementing effective development practices and methodologies  Providing innovation and quality in web and mobile development work This role will suit a confident, Senior Web Developer with the following skills:  Extensive exposure to the ASP.Net MVC pattern  Extensive exposure and knowledge of C ASP.Net web development  Indepth knowledge of associated technologies including LINQ, Entity Framework, XML / XSLT, SQL Server  Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, jQuery  Agile development experience  Experience mentoring junior memebers of the team If you have any questions or require any further information, please call Sam on **** **** Senior Web Developer In accordance with the Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations **** this position is advertised based upon DGH Recruitment Limited having first sought approval of its client to find candidates for this position. DGH Recruitment Limited acts as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business	City of london London Greater London	London		permanent		IT Jobs	75000	75000	technojobs.co.uk	1
130513	70168638	Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer  Electronics	Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer  Electronics  Blackburn  ********  Permanent A leading defence organisation are currently recruiting for an additional Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer to join their team based in Blackburn on a permanent basis. You will be responsible for developing supplier capabilities through strategic improvement activities and close management of subcontract specialists. By establishing an auditing program and then leading on site compliance audits of the third party suppliers and manufacturers you will be expected to streamline and improve the supplier capability. The Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer will conduct internal and external audits resolving any quality issues that arise and assess for potential improvements. You will also provide quality reporting metrics to the divisional and corporate requirements. Significant travel will be involved in this role including to an outsource supplier site in Scotland on a frequent basis. For the position of Supplier Quality Assurance Engineer you should be educated to HNC / HND level or equivalent in a relevant discipline such as Quality or Electronic engineering with proven experience in supplier quality assurance. You should be IPCA**** and JSTD**** qualified with experience of working to ISO 9001:**** This position comes with a flexible benefits package. Commutable from Blackburn, Preston, Darwen, Burnley, Chorley, North East England. Alternative job titles for this position include: Supplier Quality Engineer, SQE, SQ Engineer, SQA Engineer In order to apply please forward your CV or call Heidi on (Apply online only) or for similar positions visit (url removed)	Blackburn, Lancashire	Blackburn		permanent	STR Limited	Manufacturing Jobs	30000 - 40000/annum Benefits	35000	cv-library.co.uk	0
203536	71941670	Senior IT/ Network Infrastructure Engineer	Senior IT/ Network Infrastructure Support Engineer Location: Wokingham Salary: Very competitive  company car and other company benefits Our client urgently require an experienced Senior Network Infrastructure Support Engineer. They already have a team of 2nd Line Support people, this role is to be a point of escalation and you will need to be experienced with implementations of Sharepoint and Exchange. This role will be too:  Provide escalation Support for the 3rd Line support IT Helpdesk, working within the IT team to provide technical support to **** users in a multisite operation  Implement new or upgrade old technologies, i.e. Sharepoint and Exchange  Maintain and support existing network infrastructure  Maintain and support existing critical server hardware  Plan, oversee, maintain and/or develop systems to achieve above  Provide technical depth to department / IT Director  Work with Helpdesk Manager on day to day issues This role will be based out of their Wokingham office but will include some occassional travel to the other branches in the Hampshire, Berkshire area if the issue cannot be sorted out remotely. A company car is provided for such trips. Candidates will need to have:  Candidate will need at least 3 years work experience at this level.  Windows 2003 Server  Windows 2008 Server  Active Directory  Exchange 2003 / 2010  Strong Network infrastructure base including DNS Server, DHCP, TCP/IP, VPN  SQL Server  SharePoint  Excellent organisational, planning and execution skills  Time management skills  Problem solving & development testing  Documentation write up  Highly desirable for candidates to have methods of QOS and Sub net mesh If you are interested in this role please send your CV through to me ASAP. 	Wokingham South East	Wokingham		permanent		IT Jobs	41000	41000	technojobs.co.uk	0
229966	72450616	Internal Auditor	We have an excellent opportunity for an Internal Auditor on a temporary basis for a minimum of 6 months with a view to becoming permanent. The client is a retail business based in Nottingham who are in a secure financial position and offer a relaxed and professional working environment. The role will be to conduct a review and mapping out of their Systems, Processes and Controls, ensuring all are efficient and robust. You will be a Qualified or QBE Internal Auditor with similar previous experience in a commercial business. This is an fantastic new role within the organisation, with a clear pathway to really make your mark and have an impact on the business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalAuditor_job****	Nottingham Nottinghamshire East Midlands	Nottingham		contract	Cherry Professional Limited	Accounting & Finance Jobs	30000 - 35000 per annum	32500	totaljobs.com	0
32255	68096039	Household & Support Services Supervisor	Household Support Services Supervisor Salary: Band 6 **** to **** per annum inclusive Six Month Fixed Term Contract Hours of work: **** per week worked on a rota basis St Joseph’s Hospice is one of the oldest and largest hospices in England servicing a population of more than 2 million people.We are a registered charity delivering quality end of life care services to patients and their families in East and North East London. An exciting opportunity exists to join the Facilities team at St Joseph’s Hospice as a Household Support Services Supervisor on a six month Fixed Term contract.The successful candidate will report to the Head of Facilities and will be responsible for ensuring the smooth the running of the Household and Support Services Department which will include management of a range of indoor and outdoor activities as well as the oversight of our Courtyard Caf and staff residence services. We are looking for someone who has hands on operational experience and the ability to manage complex situations and information across a large healthcare environment. Ideally you will be from a healthcare background but we will consider candidates with relevant experience from other industries. To be successful in this role you must have: Substantial practical experience from one or more of the following sectors; Hotel/Health Service. Experience of managing a team of approximately **** staff with the ability to prioritise and delegate appropriately Knowledge and understanding of Quality Assurance processes and techniques and be committed to achieving high standards whilst paying close attention to detail. You will also need a working knowledge of MS Office including Word, Excel and Outlook and an understanding of Health Safety at Work legislation and be able to work **** per week over any five days in seven with evening and weekend work when required. If you feel you have these skills and can demonstrate a proven track record, please do get in touch. For further information or to arrange an informal visit, contact John Conneally, Head of Facilities on **** **** **** or email j.conneallystjh.org.uk Applicants are subject to DBS check (previously CRB). Job Description and Application form via website www.stjh.org.uk (click on current vacancies) or telephone Human Resources on **** **** **** Closing date for completed applications: **** th January 20****3 Interview date: 1 st February 2013 This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HouseholdSupportServicesSupervisor_job****	East London London South East	South East London		contract	St Joseph's Hospice	Other/General Jobs	From 30,633 to 40,406 per annum inclusive (Band 6)	35519	totaljobs.com	0
78736	69016015	Customer Service	To apply for this role please go to (url removed) to register your details and/or email your CV to (url removed). We are looking for an experienced customer service representative to work full time in a long term temp position for a large blue chip company based in Seacroft near Leeds, LS**** **** hours a week working ****:00 to ****:00 Monday to Friday. Duties include: Outbound calls to existing clients regarding fault related issues. Resolving the query by booking an engineer. Responding to calls from a mixture of supply companies requesting metering work. Contacting existing customers Confirming appointments, rearranging when required to suit the customer. Providing excellent customer service. Other duties include general admin, updating the system using the in house data base The hourly rate starts at **** per hour rising to **** per hour after 12 weeks Excellent communication skills are a must and you will need to be computer literate. Please contact Matt at Brook Street on (Apply online only)	Leeds, West Yorkshire, West Yorkshire	Leeds		contract	Brookstreet UK	Admin Jobs	7.08/hour	13593	cv-library.co.uk	0
238913	72626621	IT Support Analyst : Windows Server  9 Months FTC : Edinburgh : ****k pro rata	Windows, Citrix, Xenapp, VMware, AD, Exchange IT Support Analyst : Windows Server  9 Months FTC : Edinburgh : ****k pro rata Abrecco wish to recruit an IT Support Analyst on behalf of our Client. The successful applicant will be involved in all aspects of technical support within a large scale Windows Infrastructure. To be considered for this role your skills should include Essential:  Experience of Windows Server Support  Citrix Xenapp (user admin, patch etc.)  MS Active Directory & Group Policy management  Experience of Virtualisation (VSphere ESX)  MS Exchange Desirable:  Microsoft accreditation This is a fixed term contract based in Edinburgh and will be for an initial 9 months period starting ASAP. The salary is up to ****k pro rata depending on experience. Please forward your CV stating your salary expectations and availability.	UK Edinburgh	Edinburgh		permanent	Abrecco	Other/General Jobs	25000-30000 Per Annum	27500	careers4a.com	0
105595	69584871	Project Manager needed for 6 month contract in Finland	 Project Manager  Based in Helinski  6 month contract  Immedate start My client a large IT Consultancy are currnetly recruiting for a Project Manager to join their growing team. These resources are required to carry out DC transformation and build activities therefore need candidates who have done similar work in their current/past role. We are looking for  An experienced Project Manager with direct responsibility for managing a given project Ability to organize and work effectively with technical tracks and agencies participating in this effort. Work with crossfunctional teams to analyse requirements, identify solutions, plan / lead project transitions or migrations. Demonstrated leadership qualities such as supporting and guiding and managing the team, problem solving, conflict/issue resolution; The ability to run a project or serve as project manager in a program and can ensure a successful project lifecycle/ delivery of program. The ability to communicate (verbally and in writing) effectively with the stakeholders both internal and external. The ability to manage and interact with geographically distributed teams and clients. Follow and recommend process and procedures, help in creating them where there is a need and drive them for execution. Ensure and develop relationship with all the related parties and stakeholders.	Europe	UK			SEC Recruitment Limited	Other/General Jobs	75,000-99,999 yearly	87499	theladders.co.uk	1
59167	68690191	Relief Nursery Staff  Qualified & Unqualified	Our relief Nursery Assistant's and Nursery Nurses work as a member of the nursery team, showing initiative and creativity to foster an environment which encourages the children’s all round development and where high standards of care are provided. Our nursery in Epsom are currently looking to increase their relief staff to cover holiday, sickness and annual leave. The roles and responsibilities include: Take part in delivering the highest standards of care (10 out of 10) throughout the nursery as detailed in the childcare audit and OFSTED inspections Demonstrate a commitment to the Company's Core Values in all work undertaken Be a “keyworker” as appropriate, having responsibility for overall child's welfare and parent partnerships Observe each child's progress and report on achievements and assist in maintaining records of each child’s day to day activities and development for parents using learning journeys Develop positive relationships with parents/carer Assist with the supervision of children at play (indoors and outdoors) and at mealtimes Assist with the delivery of the EYFS framework Assist in the planning and development of inspiring, enabling environments where children initiate play If delegated, complete daily checklists as required, such as room opening and close, outdoor, bathroom and kitchen checklists Assist in providing an environment where children value and respect different cultures, religion, language and disability and ensure that toys and games reflect this within the setting Ensure Welfare and Safeguarding Children procedures are followed and you know what to do in the event of an allegation being made Demonstrate a commitment to understanding how children develop Be involved in fundraising events, assist with the promotion of the nursery, attend training events, open evenings and staff meetings and parents evenings Undertake domestic jobs within the Nursery, such as preparation of snacks, cleaning of equipment and nursery rooms Ensure that you understand and follow the companies policies and procedures, specifically Childcare, Employee Handbook, Health and Safety and Training Be in tune with and meet children's individual needs at all times Ensure every child feels safe and secure and that regular headcounts are completed when moving children around the nursery Undertake a shared responsibility for Health, Safety and cleanliness throughout the Nursery Ensure the general cleanliness of the children at all times, this includes noses, faces, toileting and clothing care Assist with the operation of the highest standards of hygiene and cleanliness in the bedding, nappy changing and food service areas Be familiar with all emergency and security procedures, e.g. fire procedures, routines for dropping of and collecting children and marking the register Ensure the correct following of the medicine policy at all times To be responsible for recording accidents in the accident book Carry out reasonable tasks as requested by your manager This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ReliefNurseryStaffQualifiedUnqualified_job****	Epsom Surrey South East	Epsom		permanent	Treetops Nurseries	Teaching Jobs	From 5.43 to 7.89 per hour	12787	totaljobs.com	0
149377	70762766	General Manager	General Manager River Canal Rescue is the only nationwide breakdown and recovery service for boats in the UK. A membership organisation, we provide a range of services to over **** members across the country. Coordinating remote engineers and an office based team this customer focused dynamic company leads the way in innovation on the waterways. You will drive and support our plans, we are looking for a manager with a track record of successful delivery within an organisation of comparable size and complexity. You will be an inspiring leader with excellent communication skills the ability to engage others, forward thinking, innovative and customer focused. The general manager role provides great variety and intellectual challenge and involves working with a wide range of people and organisations requiring you to manage and oversee a number of differing priorities. You will need to be an experienced man manager with the gravitas of a natural leader coupled with a warm and welcoming personality. Superb customer service and a diplomatic approach will be pivotal to the role. You need to be comfortable working both on your own and with others and would benefit from an understanding of engineering practices, and customer services. You must be able to cope with multiple demands and deadlines, as well as flexible towards working evenings and at weekends. Based at their Midlands location, you will be reporting to the Managing Director and will be responsible for:  Defining, communicating and implementing departmental goals and objectives, monitoring status of these goals and provide periodic updates to MD  Implementing the Company s annual operating plan. Reviewing, authorizing and controlling the department expenditures.  Managing and leading a team of up to **** people, setting objectives and targets for others. Supporting and advising on recruitment and staffing issues  Developing a strategic sales plan in line with Company objectives. Producing monthly, quarterly and annual reports  Raising the company profile nationwide and promoting competitive advantage. Reviewing product and service offering and striving to expand into complimentary areas Essential requirements to be considered for the role:  Previous general management experience  Ideally a minimum of 5 years experience managing teams.  Excellent interpersonal skills, calm judgement and confidence  Broad grounding in finance with ability to produce and understand financial reports, P&L sheets, balance sheets and cash flow statements, and analyse project profitability.  Exposure in a high level customer facing role with operational experience of dealing with customer complaints and resolutions  Ability to meet targets and deadlines under pressure. Proactive, self starter who can think for themselves within guidelines given to them. If short listed you will be required to provide further information on the contents of your CV before being chosen to attend an interview. The selection process will involve both practical and theoretical exercises	Satffordshire, West Midlands	UK		permanent	RCR	Consultancy Jobs	25000/annum	25000	cv-library.co.uk	0
66466	68713475	Head of Commercial  Hard Facilities Maintenance Germany	Are you looking for an exciting opportunity to work in Germany? Do you have a solid commercial management back ground? Have you got the ability to manage a team and liaise with the client? Do you have experience of working with Prime Contracts and or JCT contracts? If so then please apply NOW You will be working with a strong commercial team looking after the commercial aspect of a hard facilities maintenance contract. You will be providing a leading commercial management role for both Core Services and Injected Works on the Contract to successfully manage the commercial arrangements. To ensure that the Commercial Team provide commercial leadership support to the members of the Operational and Functional Teams and that all the appropriate commercial controls are in place and being followed throughout the Contract. A secondary purpose of the role is to support the Division where wider commercial opportunities exist in a complimentary fashion to the Contract priorities. You will need to have the following experience: Commercial Management experience at a senior level in a multisite, multiactivity environment Relevant Commercial experience in the building or building maintenance industry particularly related to working within a partnering environment. Proven track record of having worked within in a multidisciplined team environment Wide contractual experience with different forms of contract in the building or facilities management industries. Understanding of the principles of partnering contracts Must understand JCT and other constructional forms of Contracting. Excellent communication skills  Both written and verbal Excellent IT skills  MS Excel, MS Word Desirable Applicant to understand the principles of Prime Contracting, supply chain management and partnership arrangements. Qualifications: Either have appropriate breadth of experience or have already obtained chartered status in an appropriate association/institute or be working towards a chartered membership within an appropriate association/institute within agreed timescales (likely to be within 18 months). To be set and monitored as part of the PDP process. Appropriate institutions include: Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB) Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) Institute of Civil Engineers (ICE) Chartered Management Institute (CMI) Please contact Sarah on  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofCommercialHardFacilitiesMaintenanceGermany_job****	UK	UK		permanent	Fusion People	Other/General Jobs	65000.00 - 75000.00 per annum + pension + car allowance or car	70000	totaljobs.com	1
97453	69265488	Profitability Planning Analyst	My client a major Blue Chip is currently recruiting for an Economic Planning Analyst to join the Planning team at an exciting time of rapid change and growth for one of the UK's leading operators. You will be part of the team that advise on key decisions over future plans for new and existing services. These decisions will be made through a combination of forecasting, budgeting, costing and economic evaluations to ensure that services remain viable and profitable. You will need to have a trained eye for detail and be meticulous in the work you undertake. Applicants must be degree level qualified with a strong academic background including strong GCSE's and ALevels, be highly numerate and posses strong Excel skills including pivots and LookUps. The role offers a competitive salary as well as great benefits at the cutting edge of this exciting and varied industry. Required Skills & Experience • An advanced IT user with high proficiency in Microsoft Excel. • Confident in numeracy and dealing with complex figures and a variety of information. • First class communication skills and able to report complex data in a clear, concise format. • Organised and prepared to organise and prioritise your workload as demand requires. Experience & Education: • Educated to degree level in a numerate discipline i.e. Economics, Mathematics, Accounting • Relevant work experience in a analytical role would be highly advantageous AGY  Vitae Financial Recruitment We Exist To Be Different  Membership NOT Registration	Luton Bedfordshire England	Luton			Vitae Financial Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	21000 -25000 per annum	23000	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
70656	68825011	Technical Administrator	One of our global pharmaceutical clients urgently require a Technical administrator to work within their IT department in Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire. This is a full time vacancy. This is an excellent opportunity for a recent graduate who is looking to gain experience in Data Management. You must have your own transport and a full clean driving licence. Good presentation skills and Master Data Management experience are also an advantage. Responsibilities will include: Management of the dayday maintenance of the Master Data Management (MDM) system. Providing support to CRM (customer relations management) colleagues with daytoday management of CRM system to include:  Database updates  Helpdesk support  Process requests for listings, labels and other administrative materials generated from the system. For more information please call Daniel Johnston on **** **** **** or for a full job description, please email daniel.johnstonquanticatepeople.com Keywords: Master Data Management, Technical Administrator, Technical administration, I.T, Pharmaceutical, graduate, database, support, helpdesk	Hoddesdon	Hoddesdon		contract	Quanticate People	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	8 per hour	15360	emedcareers.com	0
79735	69019205	2nd Line Support Technician	My client is seeking a 2nd/3rd Line Technical Support Engineer to join a dynamic and organically growing team for a short period of time, probably around 3 weeks. The main part of their role would be the following: Provide telephone and onsite support for customers throughout the UK experience in the field of IT support	Rochester, Kent	Rochester		contract	Pearson Whiffin Affinity	IT Jobs	10 - 14/hour	23040	cv-library.co.uk	0
124554	69976321	Mobile Packet Core  Support Engineer  Telecommunications	Mobile packet core, mpc, telco, telecoms, telecommunications, NSN SGSN, NSN GSSN, charging gateway, lig, RADIUS, O M, NSN, FlexISN, Flexi NG, NAISA, KABIRA This is a great opportunity to join a leading telecommunications provider in the UK as a Mobile Packet Core Support Engineer. You will be providing support on the Mobile Packet Core (MPC) network in a ****x7 shift rotation pattern to maintain 99.9% service level availability in accordance with SLA's. You will be providing 3rd level support on various mobile packet core technologies including NSN SGSN, NSN GSSN, Charging Gateways, LIG and RADIUS. A successful candidate will have experience working in Mobile Packet Core as a Support Engineer with technical experience in NSN SGSN, NSN GSSN, RADIUS and IP. Applicants must be eligible to work in the UK without restriction or sponsorship.	Hampshire Basingstoke RG213	Cliddesden		permanent	TDA Recruitment Ltd	IT Jobs	45000.00 - 50000.00 GBP Annual	47500	jobserve.com	1
11389	66536860	Handyperson	To apply please call Sam Flack on **** 0360552. Must hold a CSCS card and have previous site experience. Must be able to provide two checkable references. Duties will include carpentry, plastering, filling in and plumbing work. Temporary for a minimum of 6 months.	London	London	full_time		Optima Site Solutions Ltd	Trade & Construction Jobs	10.00 per hour	19200	Jobcentre Plus	0
62679	68701369	Solid Edge ST**** Designers	Solid Edge Designers for Contract Positions. Rail experience preferable. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SolidEdgeST****Designers_job****	Birmingham West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		contract	J Gater Designs Ltd	Engineering Jobs	22 per hour	42240	totaljobs.com	0
12273	66545688	DEPUTY MANAGER	We are looking for a DEPUTY STORE MANAGER to join our team at our successful store in Chapelfield, Norwich. Our environment is fast paced and requires someone with high energy levels and the ability for quick thinking. To be considered, you must be fashion conscious, outgoing and enjoy being part of the team in a lively and busy environment. A proven track record in retail management is essential as is a demonstrable passion for providing superior customer service. In return, we offer an exciting and varied job, great career prospects and excellent benefits. To apply, please complete a management application form from our website, .	NORWICH	Norwich	full_time		Schuh Ltd	Sales Jobs	17,000.00 - 18,000.00 per year	17500	Jobcentre Plus	0
172291	71405560	Head Housekeeper	Head Housekeeper Our client is a deluxe four star hotel from a leading group that is currently recruiting for a Head Housekeeper. Offering excellent 100 bedrooms, fine public areas and smart F&B outlets, the property requires a standards driven manager to orchestrate the housekeeping function in order to keep the property in best condition. To be considered you must be a an accomplished Head Housekeeper with experience in four star hotels managing a team of 1**** employees. Head Housekeeper The ideal Head Housekeeper will have previous **** or 5 star hotel experience. The Head Housekeeper will be responsible for all bedrooms, corridors and public areas have a high standard of hygiene and health and safety The Head Housekeeper will be responsible for staff development and ensuring high levels of customer service The Head Housekeeper will be reporting directly into the operations manager Head Housekeeper must be highly passionate, excellent attention to detail and the ability to continually raise standards If you the ideal Head Housekeeper please do not hesitate to apply James Webber Recruitment prides itself on providing the highest quality of hotel / restaurant staff and due to the high volume of applicants, please note that we will only be in contact with you if your application is successful. ONLY CANDIDATES ELIGIBLE TO LIVE AND WORK IN THE UK MAY APPLY.	Leicester, Leicestershire, UK, Leicestershire	Leicester			James Webber Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 21,000 to 23,000 per annum 23000 + Bonus + Excellent Company B	22000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
226475	72441918	Head of Sales	HEAD OF SALES L.B. Foster Rail Technologies(UK) is a market leading Friction Management Track Product solutionsprovider to the global rail industry. The UK business is part of the L.B.Foster Group of Companies operates across the EMEA region with additionalbusiness in South East Asia Australia. The Company is supported by astrong brand presence synonymous with quality, service delivery and innovation.Having recently undergone a period of change to meet changing demands of itsclients, the business has identified the need to recruit a number of key strategicpositions to assist with the further development of the business. Reporting to the ManagingDirector this is an opportunity for an ambitious and talented individual tojoin the Senior Management team of an innovative progressive organisationand make a strong contribution to our ambitious growth plans over the next 5years. Role Purpose You will be responsible formanaging resource and developing the sales team, implementing relevant controlsand planning programmes. You will drive achievement, leading by example, ofmonthly, quarterly and annual sales budgets providing accurate forecasts andpredictability in line with agreed budgets. Furthermore, you willmethodically and rationally manage and penetrate the existing account base inline with the expanding business portfolio while identifying new marketopportunities where appropriate and contributing to the Senior Management strategicplanning process with practical implementation initiatives. Experience Required We are looking for a naturalsales leader with the ability to lead from the front by providing control,inspiration and guidance to all staff engaged in sales activities, includingall overseas agents, distributors partners. You will need to be able toset stretching yet realistic goals, targets and KPI’s. You need excellentreporting and forecasting skills, and a genuine passion for sales, salesprocess training and personal development of your team. You will need strongcommercial acumen with the ability to understand different markets and clientneeds as well as the ability to create and instil a culture of success within amultidisciplined environment. This may be an opportunity for anindividual within a larger organisation seeking an environment where theirinput will be highly visible. No Agency applications please This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofSales_job****	Sheffield South Yorkshire Yorkshire	Sheffield		permanent	LB Foster Rail Technologies  Ltd	Sales Jobs	Up to 55,000 per annum + Company Car + Benifits	55000	totaljobs.com	1
49275	68617639	Financial Analysts, Leading Wealth Manager	My client is a leading Global Wealth and Investment Manager that provides a diverse range of Products and Services to high net worth Private Clients and Intermediaries across the world. They enjoy an enviable position in the market in terms of reputation and Global reach. Due to a number of internal promotions and expansion of client base, they are looking for **** high calibre analysts to join their London finance team. The roles are all highly commercial and you will sit in with the front office business area you support. The roles are across Treasury, International and Central Finance. Working alongside a lead finance business partner, duties include;  Performance reporting and analysis  Budgeting and forecasting  Decision Support / ad hoc business case analysis  Liaison with Senior stakeholders Candidates will be; Qualified Accountants  CIMA / ACA / ACCA Possess strong excel / analytical capabilities Strong communicators Ambitious and driven with strong commercial acumen Experienced within Financial Services Retail / Private Banking product knowledge and or Treasury experience / exposure preferred Interviews will be taking place next week with my client so the recruitment process will be swift. Sensational opportunity to join high profile Wealth Manager with real opportunity for career advancement.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	City of London	The City	full_time	permanent	Hays A F	Accounting & Finance Jobs	GBP 37000-50000 per annum	43500	myjobs.cimaglobal.com	1
53654	68674535	Quality Systems Manager  Automotive experience	Quality Systems Manager  Automotive experience  (ISO9001, ISO14001, OHSAS18001, TS****)) Loughborough ****  **** This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global marketleader, who is passionate about developing new and innovative solutions in energy efficiency. Quality Systems Manager  Automotive experience  (ISO9001, ISO14001, OHSAS18001, TS****)) Working as the Quality Systems Manager and reporting into the Global Head of Quality, Candidates will offer a proven expertise in implementation of Quality Management Systems , managing a team of quality specialists, also experienced in implementing Environmental and Health and Safety processes. Based in Loughborough, this is an exciting new position working with an innovative, progressive company, and could be an excellent next step in your career. Send your CV to cv_rob_tinformatiq.co.uk now This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualitySystemsManagerAutomotiveexperience_job****	East Midlands	East Midlands		permanent	Informatiq	IT Jobs	40,000 - 45,000	42500	totaljobs.com	0
36383	68256643	HR Recruitment ConsultantC&I	My client is a global specialist HR recruitment business with offices in the UK, Dubai and Australia. They have been established for 20 years and have a great name in the market for recruiting HR professionals across the globe. You will be an experienced HR recruiter with a strong background and have a real desire to progress your career within the Commercial and Industrial HR remit. This is a rapidly growing team within the business and you will have the opportunity to inherit a WARM desk with an enviable range of clients from blue chip FTSE 100 companies, global multinationals through to SME's across all business sectors. The client is looking for an ambitious individual who has aspirations to eventually lead a team of their own. The client offers an attractive basic salary, a good commission structure that includes a monthly, quarterly and annual bonus scheme.	City	The City		permanent		HR & Recruitment Jobs	30k - 40k	35000	careersinrecruitment.com	0
100136	69539093	Customer Planning Manager	Great role for someone that has experience of customer segmentation, planning, targeting and strategy development. You will have previous retail experience in an analytic or strategic role with experience influencing at senior levels across an organisation. Ability to analyse multiple sources of data and translate them into simple business briefs plans to ensure that the trading teams are meeting the pillars of success.	South East	South East London		permanent		PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	70k - 80k	75000	simplymarketingjobs.co.uk	1
122748	69942319	CLASS 1 DRIVERS FOR IMMEDIATE START IN SOUTH YORKSHIRE	This vacancy is being advertised on behalf of A Star Resourcing who are operating as an employment business. Class 1 drivers has your current agency gone quiet? therefore we need you. We have immediate vacancies for a leading haulage distribution company in Barnsley. We have Contracts starting immediately and running throughout the year with an extremely competitive pay scheme. Must have substantial HGV Driving experience. Meal and mileage allowance also paid. Ongoing regular work THAT DOESNT QUIETEN DOWN IN JANUARY How to Apply: Ring A Star Resourcing on **** **** ****	BARNSLEY	Barnsley	full_time			Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	8.75 - 18.50 per hour 8.75 to 18.50 Per Hour	26160	Jobcentre Plus	0
155261	71080605	D F Catastrophe Modeller  London Market Insurance	An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Direct Facultative Catastrophe Modelling Analyst to work directly with a Global Insurance team and be involved in analysing natural catastrophe risk information for portfolio risk assessment. You will be a business facing professional who is has experienced in dealing with very Senior Business Stakeholders. Some of your key accountabilities will included Catastrophe Modelling on both AIR and RMS, recommend data capture requirements with regards to aggregate monitoring, support the Actuarial Team in establishing appropriate capital submissions, and monitor all cost centre exposures for all perils and scenarios. This is a great opportunity for someone looking to join a leading London Market Insurer working on a significant ammount of global D F business and have excellent exposure across the business. Specific modelling ability with both RMS and AIR or just one of these is a Prerequisite for the role, as is having hands on D F Catastrophe Modelling experience. Please call me or email your CV.	City	The City		permanent	Cititec Associates Limited	Accounting & Finance Jobs	30000.00 to 70000.00	50000	tntjobs.co.uk	1
174067	71432892	Oil and Gas Recruitment Consultant  Dubai	Recruitment Consultant  Oil and Gas Sector, Dubai Tax Free Earnings Salary to circa **** OTE **** plus benefits, excellent commission structure The Role A fantastic opportunity for an experienced recruitment consultant to join a hugely successful company working within their prestigious Dubai office in the Middle East. This is a 360 degree recruitment role involving a combination of Business Development and Account Management within the Oil and Gas market. You will be required to proactively develop new and expand upon existing relationships with Oil and Gas companies on a global basis. The Company With a network of offices in the UK and globally, employing over **** staff across the Technology and Energy Sectors, this company have gone from strength to strength since their incorporation 8 years ago. Employees are rewarded with a market leading commission structure ensuring an impressive OTE, company benefits and a good work life balance. With a network of offices spanning most global locations, opportunities to move within the group internationally are readily available. Your Profile Ideally you will have a background in Oil and Gas, Construction or Engineering recruitment, alternatively you will be a recruiter from a professional services discipline who is looking to move into the buoyant Oil and Gas market. You will be a credible, eloquent 360 degree recruitment consultant who is entrepreneurial and self starting. You must be prepared to move and live abroad, you may already have had experience of working abroad or travelling which would be advantageous but not essential. Contact Details Working in Dubai offers a unique opportunity to gain tax free earnings, Do not miss out on this fantastic opportunity For further information in confidence, please contact Caroline on **** **** or apply through this website. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OilandGasRecruitmentConsultantDubai_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		permanent	PFJ	Sales Jobs	25000.00 - 32000.00 per annum + benefits, comms, tax free earnings!	28500	totaljobs.com	0
79107	69017217	Office Manager	Office Manager London ******** Available Immediately My client, a leading insurance organisation, based in the City is looking for an experienced and proactive Office Manager. This involves managing a team of staff and developing productive working relationships with colleagues/stakeholders to provide an efficient administrative support service. Key Accountabilities Management of the PAs, Administrators and Facilities Assistant ensuring the office environment is maintained to a high standard. Arrange office maintenance and repairs through the Facilities Assistant. Manage procurement of all office supplies of stationery, supplies, equipment and furniture ensuring regular reviews of contracts to drive cost efficiency, negotiating contracts and fees. Diary management, travel bookings, travel itineraries, scheduling and event coordination Provide PA and secretarial support to the Senior Management team to include arranging and minuting at Board meetings, producing high level reports, delegating as necessary. Travel and entertainment budget monitoring Ensure high levels/standards of support are provided through the delegation of work to Admin Support team, monitoring and managing their workload and output. Ensure Reception is appropriately staffed at all times. Provide a cost effective and efficient travel service for nominated syndicate staff. Effective event planning, budgeting and management. Performance management of team to include regular ****:****s and formal goal setting meetings/development reviews, maximising available resources through robust management of holiday bookings and sickness absence, ensuring a consistent approach across the business unit. Responsible for maintenance of Health and Safety & first aid by reviewing and updating health and safety policies and ensuring they are observed. Liaise with external maintenance contractors when required (e.g. chasing outstanding issues building issues and communicate as appropriate). Liaise with building management regarding distribution of security passes and any contractors on site etc. Experience Prior proven track record of managing a team  prior experience of managing performance and developing a team. Prior supplier management experience Prior office management experience. PA/secretarial support background essential. Minute taking Proven experience of Microsoft Office to intermediate/advanced level essential. Minimum **** wpm typing speed. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role	City of London, London	The City		permanent	Huntress Group	Admin Jobs	40000 - 50000/annum benefits	45000	cv-library.co.uk	1
103368	69558906	Electrical Maintenance Supervisor	POSITION: Electrical Maintenance Supervisor (Retail Environment) LOCATION: Covering sites in West To maintain and repair a range of electrical, mechanical plant and equipment in retail stores including all building services in an efficient and cost effective manner To carry out supervisory duties within an agreed area To manage all third party contractors to ensure they complete tasks on time and within budget and to an excellent standard To provide onsite coaching to all in your team Interested candidates should be excellent communicators (both written and verbal), with good interpersonal skills, selfmotivated and highly customer focussed It is essential that all applicants are 17th Edition qualified and have a full driving licence. Our client is also looking for candidates with experience within a retail or commercial environment. C&G **** and PAT Testing qualification would be an advantage but not essential. Candidates should be flexible with mobility as you will be expected to travel throughout all of Yorkshire and the North East of England. This role will involve management of a team and therefore previous experience of supervising a small team is preferred but not essential. Interested applicants should apply in strictest confidence to Tom Twist at PDA SEARCH & SELECTION LIMITED	Yorkshire, North East	North Yorkshire		permanent	PDA Search Selection	Engineering Jobs	25000/annum	25000	cv-library.co.uk	0
161854	71196170	Microbiology Lab Manager	Introduction Our client are an environmental survey company who specialise in marine, river and estuarine analysis and they are looking for a Microbiology Lab Manager to join their Water Microbiology Department based in Hampshire. Important ISO17025 Microbiology Lab Management Experience The Job Our client are a marine environmental consultancy and survey company, with a bespoke specialist microbiology laboratory designed to accommodate a diverse range of testing capabilities and client requirements. Our client sectors range from potable water sampling and analytical services to environmental waters testing. We are seeking a skilled and motivated individual to manage our microbiology team. The microbiology laboratory manager has several key roles: Technical lead for the laboratory; Supervising the analytical/sampling team; Maintenance of UKAS ISO17025:****and BSi ISO9001:**** accreditations, internal and external QA/QC systems; Guiding/designing procedures; Answering technical or financial customer queries and; Providing quotations for services; Development of new testing services . The laboratory manager is responsible for managing the lab workload, ensuring results are delivered on time and within budget. The successful candidate is expected to manage monthly invoicing and provide weekly/monthly updates to the Commercial laboratories manager. Fieldwork/sampling may be required, and the successful candidate will be required to support the analytical staff in the laboratory when workloads are high. It is the role of the microbiology manager to ensure company methods are continually updated, and to explore viable avenues for future developments. The ideal candidate will be a microbiologist with experience of commercial analytical laboratories, including the management of laboratory staff and working to ISO17025 quality management systems. Qualification to degree level in microbiology (or similar) is essential. This is a permanent position following a **** month probationary period. Weekend work is required on a rota system, once every 4 weeks. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK	Portchester	Portchester			Matchtech Group plc.	Engineering Jobs	23,000 - 28,000/yr	25500	rengineeringjobs.com	0
160802	71187138	Pastry chef de Partie  **** Star Exclusive Hotel  London	Pastry chef de Partie required for a 4 star exclusive hotel near the City This is an outstanding opportunity for a talented chef de Partie Pastry to join the team of this French Bistro run by a celebrity chef within a four star hotel As Pastry Chef de Partie you will be required to have previously worked within a high Standard operation, preferably in a 4 Star Hotel or high end Restaurant You will have at least 5 years experienced in pastry 1 one them as CDP pastry , with a proven track record and career progression You will have strong pastry knowledge, be enthusiastic and have a passion for delivering to a consistently high standard. Please respond with your CV if you feel you have the necessary experience to successfully fulfil this role. Chef de Partie Pastry Chef de Partie Pastry This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PastrychefdePartie4StarExclusiveHotelLondon_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	CFC Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 18,000 to 25,000 per annum	21500	totaljobs.com	0
4662	62004551	Senior Consultant – Education Recruitment  Preston	Senior Consultant Education Recruitment  Preston Basic to ****k  Excellent bonus  Corporate company benefits A specialist supply teacher recruitment consultancy, they operate out of a National network of UK offices and also have a strong overseas presence. They supply all levels of qualified teachers and related school support staff on both a temporary and permanent basis. This is a sales and service role and you will be responsible for developing and maintaining a profitable desk through generation and servicing of Schools throughout the region. Adhering to company procedures, you will be responsible for fully managing all recruitment related activity in order to maximise the value of the recruitment process to the client and meet performance and contribution targets. Requirements Previous recruitment experience, ideally Education, but other fast moving temp sectors happily considered as full training is provided. Experience of working in a target driven environment Excellent people and communication skills Money hungry with a desire to succeed This is an immediate vacancy and we are shortlisting now, please contact Ben Whitfield at Fresh Partnership for more details. We do try to respond personally but if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please accept that your application is not going to proceed further.	Preston	Preston			Fresh Partnership	HR & Recruitment Jobs	Basic 20k-25k + bonus + benefits	22500	MyUkJobs	0
228890	72447902	Special Projects Officer	Help us offer a more effective fire service Help protect our community Provide vital technical support Aid in the smooth running of our network systems Be a key member of our expert ICT team Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service is the second largest fire service in the country, covering nearly **** square miles, with a population of over 2.5 million people. Within that area we have **** fire stations, some **** staff… and right at the heart of everything is our main headquarters, based in Swinton. Operating at the heart of our service, offering indispensible communications and telecommunications support is our ICT Directorate. We’re looking for an experienced, motivated individual to join our ICT Design and Implementation Team within the Directorate, working on our Cisco Network Infrastructure. Your major responsibilities will include delivering the WAN and LAN, TCP/IP support for existing and new installation within the Fire Service, helping the team maintain all Network architecture and hardware to the highest standards, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. You will also undertake the relevant planned maintenance, modification, configuration, backup, disaster recovery, software update and monitoring of the Communications/Network systems. You will need: Recognised networking qualification (e.g. Cisco/Microsoft/Nortel) Higher National Certificate/Diploma (or equivalent) in Electronic or Computer Engineering Indepth work experience within a busy ICT department Experience providing second line cover within a Service Operations environment A proven track record in Network Support Experience of the following: LAN / WAN technologies and TCP/IP protocol Live working on Cisco switches, routers and firewalls Cisco wireless devices and a working understanding of associated end device connectivity Installation Configuration of Network hardware Network Configuration Backup Recovery Using Network Diagnostic tools to assist in fault resolution The ability to work independently or contribute as part of a busy team The ability to organise your own workloads when required, take the initiative, and prioritise tasks effectively to meet team and Directorate priorities Experience troubleshooting and fault fixing technical problems Strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills The ability to collaborate with, and advise at, all levels Effective time management, facilitation and planning skills High level of attention to detail Strong commitment to promoting equality and diversity Knowledge of Health Safety good practice The following, whilst not essential, are desirable: ITIL Foundation CISCO qualification Experience using SolarWinds and Cisco works Experience of UPS installation and management Knowledge of IIS / web based technologies Knowledge of Virtual infrastructure technology (server and desktop) Understanding of security architecture (iSO27001) You will be working in a fastmoving pressurised environment where delivery and results really matter. But more than that, you will be making a real difference to the safety of the communities within Greater Manchester. The closing date is midnight Sunday 27 January 2013 This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SpecialProjectsOfficer_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		contract	Greater Manchester Fire & Rescue Service	Other/General Jobs	From 28,636 to 31,754 per annum	30195	totaljobs.com	0
238070	72608783	Technology Executive  boutique media agency	'First to' boutique media agency experiencing high sales growth seeks a talented Trafficker to fully optimise campaigns and utilise your Dart, Atlas and Right Media experience. Only a years' experience is needed My client is the eBay of all advertising platform exchanges which connects buyers and sellers from the online advertising space, allowing them complete project transparency and ability to target specific audiences. This will work in your favour since this is a great opportunity to work your way up and learn the ropes within a business that is growing fast. Requirements Min of 1 years Ad Ops experience Technical background Strong organizational skills Proven analytical approach to problem solving Highly motivated with great attention to detail. Experience working with 3rd party ad serving tools  DART, Atlas and Right Media Get in touch ASAP to find our more	London, England	London				PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	20000 - 25000 per annum + bens	22500	onlymarketingjobs.com	0
233762	72481845	Laminator / GRP	Laminator / GRP required for contract role in Plymouth, up to ****/hr DOE. Must have been working as a Laminator / GRP person previously as it is a contract role they need someone who can hit the ground running. Great opportunity to work as a Laminator/ GRP for a well respected company.	Plymouth,Devon	UK		contract	TQR	Trade & Construction Jobs	up to 9/hr DOE.	17280	jobsite.co.uk	0
171415	71374954	Electronics Technician	Ashton Recruitment have a temporary position based in Newtownabbey Initially solely a hardware company, latterly we have some software products, we continue to manufacture many hardware products under our Electrocorder and Live Alarm brands; for example, voltage loggers, current loggers, interruption loggers and voltage detectors for Electric Power Utilities and General Industry.Our client is a privately held company with several key shareholders. We are seeking a good quality Electronics Technician. As a small company we require an individual with good practical skills with a breadth of interests; we will reciprocate by giving the widest possible range of experience in all aspects of our business. Role requirements (do not apply if you do not have experience necessary): Experience managing subcontractors. High quality hand soldering, PCB assembly (PTH SMT). Production, building, stocking, with use reference to Build Instructions. Electromechanical product assembly. Testing, faultfinding and repair of circuit boards. Product prototyping and testing, record keeping. Testing with the use of oscilloscopes, multimeters etc Familiarity with the use of PCs, software and spread sheets. Reading, understanding interpretation of circuit schematics PCB layouts. Component part stocking organisation. Organisation and filing of test results. Product testing and fault diagnosis. You must be confident, motivated, thorough and reliable. Also: Stocking, storage, recording of components and subassemblies. Tidying, organisation of workshop/Laboratory. Readying products, for dispatch, packaging, labelling and ultimately dispatch. Updating of internal software systems with order progress, each and every step. Receiving goods, updating of internal systems with order progress, each every step. List items for ordering, entry of POs requisitions. Care and Maintenance of test equipment, including calibration, PAT with dates inspections. Product returns, inspection and testing of products, clear recording of findings. We require an individual with at least 2 years’ experience in electronic product assembly, testing, calibration and repair. You will be familiar with circuit diagrams, schematics and CAD software and drawings. You will be someone that takes pride in their work, you will be meticulous, dexterous, careful and consistent. You will be used to and willing to work in a controlled procedural environment, which ensures staff safety, product safety and consistency of quality.  You will be familiar with managing subcontractors, with the manufacture of electronic products.  You will have at least an HNC/HND in a related field, possibly a degree.  At least 2 years direct experience working in laboratory or electronic workshop environment.  You will be familiar with test procedures and equipment such as, bench multimeters, function generators, oscilloscopes, AC DC bench power supplies, as well as PCs and PC controlled test environments.  Experience in working with mains voltages would be essential.  You will have excellent manual SMT PTH soldering skills.  You will be familiar with power hand tools and extensive experience in product assembly.  You will be familiar with stocking and the management of stock and components via Software such as Excel, Access or other.  You will be familiar with SMT and PTH PCBs, PCB design software, preferably also circuit simulation software.  You will have excellent verbal and written communications skills, be able and willing to learn and adhere to production and assembly procedures. Ashton Recruitment is acting as an employment business’	Belfast	Belfast	full_time	contract	Ashton Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	15000 - 20000	17500	nijobs.com	0
104180	69570455	ASPNET Web Developer  Swindon  ****K to ****K	ASP.NET Web Developer required to join a leading and progressive company from their head office based in Swindon. The role will involve working throughout the full development life cycle on a variety of different projects to my client's external customers. My client creates a number of database driven websites and you will be asked to work on both the front and Back End development. My client is looking for a skilled web developer with experience within ASP.NET, C, HTML, CSS, SQL and Java. As you will be liaising with their external customers and working within a team environment you communication skills must be very strong. This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing company who would be able to offer further career opportunities to the right candidate. Keywords: Web Developer, ASP.NET, C, HTML, CSS, SQL Java, Swindon, Wiltshire	Wiltshire Swindon SN256	Swindon		permanent	Spectrum IT Recruitment  Ltd	IT Jobs	20000.00 - 30000.00 GBP Annual	25000	jobserve.com	0
161845	71196150	Estimator	Introduction An exciting opportunity has arisen for an Estimator to join a major industrial support partner of the Royal Navy. Important Previous estimating experience within a marine or heavy engineering environment. The Job Role Description/Purpose The preparation and presentation of detailed estimates/work breakdown for primarily QEC work packages that includes system population. Key Responsibilities Provide work instruction for tasks of work. Using engineering outputs/specifications from various sources including develop detailed manhour estimates and identify performing cost centres for all QEC work. Identify material and subcontract requirements associated with work packages. Review customer specifications and identify the technical implications in sufficient detail to allow development of manhour estimates. Configuration control of basis of estimate updates and consequent estimate iterations. To provide estimating inputs in support of the planning and project management functions. Provide detailed information to help maintain accurate project controls and effective performance monitoring. Provide justification and validation of estimates as part of normal approval processes. Liaise with stakeholders to substantiate estimates as required Population of Rosyth ERP tool (IFS) that includes creation of part numbers and bill of materials, work orders and operation instructions to allow production to execute work packages. Be proactively involved in the development of processes, systems and initiatives ensuring the pertinent points and relevant matters are captured. Be proactively involved in Health, Safety, Security and Environmental matters. Key Competencies: Trade based apprenticeship or similar technical training/experience. Good communication, collate and present information at appropriate levels. Proactive but with the ability to react quickly when necessary to meet challenging objectives. Ability to read Engineering Drawings and sequence work. Ability to work within the QEC management team, with the ability to achieve team and individual goals. Preferred Qualifications/Experience: Good organisational skills. Preferred ONC in relevant discipline. Knowledge of Microsoft Office (preferred, training will be provided) To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK	Rosyth	Rosyth			Matchtech Group plc.	Engineering Jobs	24,976 - 29,632/yr	27304	rengineeringjobs.com	0
95545	69217392	Web Applications Developer ( C, ASPNET, SQL )	Applications/Software Developer, ( C, ASP.NET, SQL, JavaScript, IIS ) urgent requirement A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join an established Northampton based organisation as a .NET / Software Developer. You will need solid knowledge of C, ASP.NET, SQL, Classic ASP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, IIS management, JQuery and any mobile development is desired This role will suit someone who has a background in applications development including project work, technical specification, development, documentation and unit testing. The ideal candidate will have experience building windows or web based applications using the .NET framework. Key Skills: C ASP.NET SQL Classic ASP MVC IIS JavaScript It is essential that all candidates have first class communication skills ? both written and verbal, great team working skills, well organised, show initiative, logical thinker, work to strict deadlines and work effectively under pressure. For the successful candidate, we offer a competitive package along with excellent career opportunities. For more information please contact Graham Feegan on [contact details removed] or call [contact details removed] IT Executive Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	NORTHAMPTON	Northampton	full_time	permanent	IT Executive Recruitment	IT Jobs	From 25,000 to 40,000 per year	32500	fish4.co.uk	0
25613	67772915	Restaurant Manager  Stunning, Michelin Star Venue  Dartmoor	Restaurant Manager  Stunning, Michelin Star Venue  Dartmoor Michelin Star Experience needed Salary Offered: ****  3****,000 Only Apply if you have previous Michelin star experiences or extremely high end dining. The work is demanding but rewarding My client operates one of the country`s leading restaurants in the South West of England based in a leading 5 star hotel They are now able to offer a position of a Restaurant Manager to work in the 2Michelin restaurant serving modern British and French cuisine The role would suit a current Restaurant Manager, looking to take the next step or an extremely accomplished Assistant Restaurant Manager with good food experience with a proven track record, having worked in high profile hotel`s and Restaurant. The ideal candidate will have a genuine passion for service, food, lots of flair and creativity. If this sounds like the challenge that you have been waiting for, then I want to hear from you today. Salary Offered: ****  **** This is a fantastic chance to start your career working with some of the best in the country No Accommodation is provided so you must be local or be prepared to relocate Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Interested in this challenge  send your CV to leecorecruitment.com or call Lee on **** **** **** COREcruitment are experts in recruiting for the service sector. We currently have over **** live roles across the UK, Middle East, Europe, North America, South East Asia, Africa and Australia. To view other great opportunities please check out our website at www.corecruitment.com or call us on **** **** **** **** for a confidential chat about upcoming opportunities. COREcruitment operate one of the best referral schemes in the industry  know anyone looking for a new challenge? Email teamcorecruitment.com with your contacts CV  you could earn up to **** Follow COREcruitment on your favourite social networks  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Pinterest. We give away fantastic prizes every month This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RestaurantManagerStunningMichelinStarVenueDartmoor_job****	Devon South West	Devon			COREcruitment International	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	30000-35000 Per Annum	32500	caterer.com	0
98552	69473527	Sous Chef	Sous Chef for a Michelin restaurant is needed for an immediate start. The Sous chef must have previous Michelin experience in either a British Michelin or European Michelin Restaurant. Salary for the Sous Chef is upto ****k This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChef_job****	London South East	South East London			Cherryred Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 29,000 to 31,000 per annum	30000	caterer.com	0
63800	68705142	Kitchen Manager	Kitchen Manager Business: Willow Brook Harvester Location: Bradley Stoke Brand: Harvester Salary: ****  **** Live In: No Working at Harvester Friendly, familyfocused food is what we re all about. So if you love making kids smile as much as you like delicious, freshlychargrilled food, look no further than our Harvester. Great food for all the family There s always a happy family buzz about Harvester, and this friendly, vibrant atmosphere can really help your career takeoff. Develop your skills by preparing and serving a great range of delicious grills, spit roasts, farm assured chicken and fish. Learn how to keep the whole family happy with special ‘Young Guest dishes, kids activity sheets and the famous ‘unlimited visits Harvester salad bar. www.harvester.co.uk Welcome to the Harvesters in Bristol. Harvester Willow Brook is special because it is situated on the Willow Brook retail park this was one of the first retail park units to open and has enjoyed a great year last year You ll find plenty of happy families at Harvester. Including the great big happy family that works here In fact, here at Harvester the happy family atmosphere seems to make big kids of everyone. So why not join us as Kitchen Manager and help to keep our family happy in the kitchen too? What you ll do in this role The happy heart of a Harvester is its kitchen. As Kitchen Manager it ll be up to you to keep the happiness coming by making sure nothing, but nothing, leaves the kitchen unless and until you re happy with it. In fact, if things aren t absolutely spoton, you ll be the one person in the place who s allowed to pull an unhappy face As Kitchen Manager, you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package  up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 25 days holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.	Bristol, Avon, UK, Bristol	UK			Harvester	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	21,000 - 25,000	23000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
230490	72451966	Business Development Manager  Leading Financial Lending PLC	Business Development Manager  Leading Financial Lending PLC Crawley (RH****) ****  **** pa plus bonus potential The Opportunity: We are the market leaders in Home Collected credit. Even in today’s economic climate, some businesses are still growing and we’re happy to be one of them. In fact, tough times mean that more and more people trust us to offer them financial products that put them in control. Our responsible approach to lending means we continue to be both sound and profitable. That’s great news if you’re looking for a career that offers both stability and opportunity. The Business Development Manager Role: As a Business Development Manager, you’ll monitor and provide structured support to a group of selfemployed agents who lend and collect on our behalf, so good communication, analytical motivational skills are essential. You’ll also be visiting customers in their homes, responding to their individual needs, so naturally you'll need the ability to deal with a variety of different circumstances. Using Management Information as a decision making tool plays a large part in this role, therefore your Excel skills will be well developed. Don’t worry if you don’t have any previous experience in the financial services sector – we’ll give you a comprehensive induction. You can also expect an ongoing management development programme to equip you with all the skills and knowledge you need. It’s a role as varied as it is satisfying. But to succeed in it, you must hold a full driving licence and have access to a vehicle for work use. In return, we’ll offer you a competitive salary package with bonus, 25 days’ holiday, pension and generous mileage allowance. Candidates must provide proof of eligibility to work in the UK when requested. We are an Equal Opportunities Employer. You may have worked in the following capacities: Lending Sales, Senior Sales Executive, Financial Services, Loans Underwriter, Field Sales Executive, Relationship Manager. Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client. The Business Development Manager role is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com – The UK's first online recruitment agency created **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerLeadingFinancialLendingPLC_job****	Crawley, West Sussex West Sussex South East	Crawley		permanent	RecruitmentRevolution.com Limited	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 17,749 to 21,844 per annum plus bonus potential	19796	totaljobs.com	0
199697	71851577	Online Marketing Executive  Financial Markets	Online Marketing Executive  Financial Markets Central London ****k  25% bonus Are you looking for a marketing role within one of the UK's leading financial business information and publishing houses? They have global reach, a seventy per cent staff retention rate and fantastic rewards for effort and success. They offer limitless career opportunities for those who are determined enough to succeed. With a thriving atmosphere and an empowered environment, this highlevel marketing opportunity is second to none. This is a FTSE 25**** company with head offices in London, Hong Kong and New York. Online Marketing Executive  Financial markets The Role: Working on a high value portfolio of financial markets online data and market intelligence tools, the ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of the digital marketing landscape (publishing or financial marketing background preferred) and best practice in: sales support, inbound and outbound marketing initiatives; search engine optimization; email marketing; content development and social media, alongside a firm grasp of online analytics tools and related KPI's. This is a hands on role where you will be responsible for implementing day to day marketing projects and devising campaigns to improve traffic, generate leads and continuously grow usage and engagement levels across the subscriber base. Online Marketing Executive  Financial markets Person/Experience required:  Minimum **** from a top university  Ideally have an interest in Finance/Economics/Politics  Email Marketing Campaign Planning: experience creating and running lead generation campaigns from concept through to execution and analysis.  Inbound Marketing Social Media: experience with content marketing/development; blog management; audience development/online PR and core social media platforms.  Analytics: experience with online analytics tools (ie. Google Analytics) and KPI's; campaign performance analysis.  Organised and efficient: able to multitask and juggle multiple projects concurrently.  Enthusiastic, committed and motivated: comfortable taking initiative to streamline current methods and propose new.  Excellent copywriting and proofing skills. Apply for this role today and become part of one of the world's leading financial information providers by sending me your CV via this website Please note all applications will be made in confidence. Feel free to call me directly on: Olivia Paviour Sector Head  The Graduate Recruitment Company **** **** **** We have a variety of graduate roles on at present (****k25k), for candidates with 0  2 years experience, so if this is one is not suitable; please call me to discuss other exciting opportunities which you can apply for. Please check out my profile on LinkedIn: Search for Olivia Paviour And follow us on Twitter: GradRecCo Job Sectors: Digital Marketing Jobs | SEO Jobs | Marketing Sales Jobs | Affiliates Jobs This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OnlineMarketingExecutiveFinancialMarkets_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	The Graduate Recruitment Company	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	20000.00 - 23000.00 per annum + Excellent Bonus	21500	totaljobs.com	0
116692	69793861	SQL Developer	We are currently looking to recruit for a SQL Developer to join a growing company based in central Birmingham. You will need to have a strong SQL Server development background with a good knowledge of TSQL, SSIS and SSRS. This is an opportunity to deal with cutting edge software and join a company that deals with many blue chip clients. Any .net experience or SharePoint experience would be an added benefit.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Birmingham	Birmingham		permanent		IT Jobs	30000.00 - 40000.00 per annum + excellent benefits	35000	theitjobboard.co.uk	0
214344	72239443	Business Analyst  Personal Lines	Our client is currently recruiting for an exciting opportunity for a Business Analyst to join their team in Whiteley, Hampshire. The successful Business Analyst will have strong experience of working on insurance claims systems and ideally worked with offshore development teams. The strong Business Analyst will have worked on the full project life cycle from gathering requirements, system testing, documentation and integration. Must have previous experience working as a Business Analyst on technology based projects within the Insurance Industry (personal lines insurance is essential) – Policy or Claims is essential. Please apply for details This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystPersonalLines_job****	Fareham Hampshire South East	Fareham		permanent	Skillbase Solutions   Clearwater People Solutions	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 35,000 to 40,000 per annum	37500	totaljobs.com	0
193383	71767081	Research & Business Manager	We are looking for a Research and Business Manager with experience, and a good knowledge, of research management, enterprise development and scholarship activities. Your role will be to lead the Research and Business Support Team (six members of staff) which provides Faculty wide administrative services, underpinning all external revenue generating activities. You will have key responsibility for planning and resource issues, including the management of the Faculty’s research, enterprise and scholarship budgets. In addition you will provide strategic support to the Associate Dean Research, Enterprise and Scholarship during the completion of the Research Excellence Framework process. You will be working in a busy team environment, so you should enjoy working collaboratively, have a flexible approach and a keenness to continue to develop your professional and leadership skills. As well as being able to think strategically and manage change, your ability to problem solve and communicate workable solutions will be crucial to the successful operation of a rapidly developing support unit.	Milton Keynes	Milton Keynes	full_time		Open University	Other/General Jobs	37,382 - 44,607 per annum	40994	Jobcentre Plus	0
211084	72198692	Senior Accountant	Job Title: Senior Accountant Location: North London Salary : **** **** Duration: Full Time, Permanent A Senior Accountant will manage the provision of a comprehensive and cohesive management and financial accounting service to a designated operational service function. Main Duties include:  Lead the operational service on all financial matters, being the link between the operational service and the management reporting function.  Guide the operational service through the business planning process  Interpret management accounts and budget reports and guide operational services on what this information means in relation to the performance of the operational service.  Guide the operational service when assessing all new business opportunities and their commercial viability (with support from corporate finance colleagues)  Feed in to Group corporate planning activity as the financial representative of your operational services customer Assess and report upon the viability of the operational services' business plan  Monitor projects over time to ensure their continuing viability, calling for new negotiations or restructuring where necessary  Work to achieve greater commercial awareness within operational services, liaising with the wider finance team to support this aim Essential Criteria  A CCAB qualified accountant with significant experience of financial management at a senior level  A highly experienced, inspiring and visible business manager with a management track record of inspiring teams  An excellent communicator across a wide range of audiences, presenting financial information in a userfriendly manner  Experience of business planning and the development of corporate strategy at a senior level  An understanding of financial management within the housing / property /construction and care and support sectors. (How organisations are financed and how financial risks are managed) All CV's will be required to be accompanied by a supporting statement.	Hertfordshire - Letchworth Garden City	Letchworth Garden City	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Accounting & Finance Jobs	63800 - 74545	69172	ukstaffsearch.com	1
53256	68673027	Recruitment Consultant	My client is a well respected recruitment business who are looking to add good, experienced recruiters to their already successful team. Based in Staffordshire my client enjoys a good reputation for delivering exceptional recruitment solutions to their clients and provide an excellent working platform for their consultants to do the job to the best of their ability, reducing any 'red tape' from the recruitment process. They offer a supportive working environment where high achievers are well rewarded for their success. Due to continued success they are seeking experienced recruitment consultants to join their team. Your experience will be in permanent recruitment, ideally within a professional or engineering sector, and have a proven record of success and you will be hungry and competitive to greatly improve your earning potential as my client offers an excellent commission and benefits package. For further details and to arrange a local interview to discuss your application please contact Emerge R****R on **** **** **** or go to our website, www.emergeR****R.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultant_job****	Staffordshire West Midlands	Staffordshire		permanent	Emerge R2R	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 23,000 to 30,000 per annum Excellent open commission scheme + b	26500	totaljobs.com	0
139083	70474309	RGN Nurse  Bristol	RGN Nurse  Nursing HomeSalary: up to ****pa (paid breaks)Located in Bristol and commutable from Farmborough, Midsomer Norton, Pensford and surrounding areas.Compass Associates are delighted to be working alongside a reputable Care Home provider who are currently recruiting a qualified nurse for a Nursing Home providing care for elderly / Dementia service users.Successful candidates will be RGN qualified with experience in nursing ideally within a nursing home environment although this is not essential. You will have a passion for nursing and good communication skills.To apply email your CV to jforbescompassltd.co.uk or telephone Jade Forbes for details on **** **** ****	Bristol	Bristol	full_time		Compass Associates Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	25,000/Year	25000	staffnurse.com	0
171076	71369158	Mechanical Fitter	Location: Tewkesbury Salary **** to **** per annum Type of Work: Permanent Key Purpose: To manufacture and assemble complex precision tools and assemblies to specification in line with quality, quantity, cost and time requirements in full compliance with health and safety. Responsibilities: Assembling precision components, in line with approved engineering drawings and Specifications, ensuring accuracy and timeliness. At each stage within the assembly process, to work with inspection, wiring, and test staff to ensure that precision aspects are maintained. To assist the design engineers by contributing to discussions on how prototype designs might be mechanically assembled and improved. For the assembly of prototype equipment, to ensure, through liaison with engineering, that all quality requirements for assembly are met. To assist engineering in the continuous improvement of manufactured equipment, through discussion and implementation where changes are agreed. To carry out any other duties as reasonably required by the Mechanical Team Leader. If you think that you are appropriate candidate for this position, please do not hesitate to contact Marta Kosno on (Apply online only) or email Omega Resource Group Plc is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Omega Resource Group Plc is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire	Tewkesbury		permanent	Omega Resource Group	Engineering Jobs	19000 - 23000/annum	21000	cv-library.co.uk	0
194973	71797426	QC Microbiologist	Our client is a well established biopharma company with state of the art laboratory facilities. They are looking to recruit a temporary Microbiologist to carry out microbiological testing of all incoming raw materials intermediates, finished goods and environmental monitoring samples. Principle Job Accountabilities Performs the microbiological testing of all raw materials, intermediates, finished products and environmental monitoring samples Ensures all work is documented, checked and reported promptly. Ensures any atypical/out of specification results are reported to the Laboratory Supervisor immediately, and any resulting investigation is initiated at once. Ensures that all cGMP/GLP regulations are strictly adhered to and that SOPs are followed at all times. Assist with CAPA investigations, perform any additional testing and create reports where required.Maintains excellent levels of housekeeping, safety and environmental standards within the laboratory. Participate in internal audits of GMP and Health and Safety. Performs routine calibration and maintenance duties as required. Knowledge Skills Required Ideally a HND/BSc degree in Microbiology or closely related subject. Ideally previous experience of working within ISO 9000 and/or GMP environment. Proficient PC skills including Microsoft packages WORD, EXCEL. This position is initially offered on a **** year contract. The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. CY Partners Recruitment Ltd, trading as CY Partners is an Employment Business/Agency.	City of Edinburgh - Edinburgh	UK	full_time	permanent	CVbrowser	Maintenance Jobs	18000 - 20000	19000	cvbrowser.com	0
130729	70171063	Education Contracts Officer	Education Contracts Officer Full Time  35hours per week Temporary contract  6 weeks **** per hour Chelmsford An enhanced CRB issued by Capita Resourcing may be required for this post. We are looking for an Education Contracts Officer to plan suitable, cost effective transport for passengers. You will be responsible for: Ensuring that the planning of transport is cost effective, maximising public transport, integrating journeys and evidencing value for money Responding to requests & providing transport for schools and colleges and the Integrated Youth Service. Providing passenger data and ensuring all information is readily available. Monitoring budgets and liaising and negotiating with schools, parents and transport operators. Contributing in the management of projects.Essex County Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults, and expects all employees and volunteers to share this commitment. Our aim is to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications, regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, age or religion or belief. All applications will be considered solely on merit. Please note this role may be filled prior to the closing date. Working for Essex welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Working for Essex is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us	Chelmsford, Essex	Chelmsford		contract	Capita Resourcing	Admin Jobs	9/hour	17280	cv-library.co.uk	0
40179	68359646	ASPNet developer	ASP.Net developer / C / API / WCF / RESTful Services / SQL Server ASP.Net developer / C / API / WCF / RESTful Services / SQL Server Leading and renowned technology startup based in Central London has an urgent requrement for a backend ASP.Net developer working in their API team on initial 6 month contract. You will have strong strong experience of working with WCF, RESTful Web Services and other API technologies. You will have experience of working on enterprise scale systems as a backend .Net developer making extensice use of Microsoft SQL Server. Any MVC**** experience is also a bonus. This is a Sunday Times Tech Track listed company with a highly technical and creative team working working in a fun yet productive environment. They invest heavily in using the best technoloies. This role is urgent, please submit your CV for an immediate interview. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ASPNetdeveloper_job****	London South East	South East London		contract	Mortimer Spinks	IT Jobs	300 - 350 per day	78000	cwjobs.co.uk	1
114741	69754356	Solutions Inbound Advisor	Permanent 37.5 Hours per week, MonFri. Excellent career progression prospects and opportunities to fast track into positions with more responsibility and a higher salary. A fantastic bonus structure is on offer to reward hard work and success. Platinum have a number of exciting opportunities for Customer Service Advisors to work for a rapidly expanding business in their offices in Manchester. Applications from candidates who have sales / customer service / administration / telesales skills and/or experience from any background will be considered. The main purpose of the role is to deal with customers over the telephone to discuss and advise their current financial situation. The role will involve aspects of customer service, sales and administration. The key skills for this position are telephone based communication skills, ability to deal with customers on the spot. Method of apply: Email	Salford	Salford	full_time		Platinum Financial Recruitment	Customer Services Jobs	15,000.00 per year	15000	Jobcentre Plus	0
39078	68346980	MARKETING MANAGER (Construction Sector)	MARKETING MANAGER (Construction Sector) LOCATION: South Yorkshire SALARY AND BENEFITS: **** (circa) Company Car  Excellent Benefits SUMMARY: This is an exciting opportunity to work for a large extremely successful global company. You will have a fluid approach and be able to use your creative flair to influence change as well as being able to lead the brand development, digital channel management and strategic product and service development. You will provide a broad range of marketing services, define, develop and implement strategic and technical marketing to support the companies profitable growth. COMPANY INFORMATION:  Market Leader in all of their businesses  Distributors of building materials to professionals and consumers  In Top 100 Most Innovative Companies (Global)  Global organisation YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Extensive commercial and business acumen  Extensive proposition development experience  Experience in Building and Construction industry selling into domestic businesses  Excellent understanding of supply chain  Highly strategic thinking  The ability to breakdown complex issues into simple and less complex terms  Degree Educated IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Chartered Institute of Marketing Diploma (CIM)  Experience within glass, plastics abrasives markets THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy Established in 1998 Employ approx **** staff 2 offices in Doncaster Hull Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service. Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME s across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations.	South Yorkshire	South Yorkshire		permanent	Edwards and Pearce Ltd	Trade & Construction Jobs	40k pa + Company Car + Excellent Benefits	40000	jobsite.co.uk	0
200061	71852537	Building Surveyor	Joining a team that has seen growth and success in throughout London in 2012, the client is looking for a building surveyor who has a background in dilapidations or retail building surveying. In the role you will be shaping projects in value up to 5million,from initial client briefing through to project design, preparation and site supervision. A Successful candidate must:  Have a background in a London based consultancy as a building surveyor with a retail or commercial focus.  Have working knowledge of dilapidations, commercial or retail building surveying and the London market.  Be post qualified with a continued desire to build a career with a successful team and a top company.  Excellent commutations, teamwork and leadership skills. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. Our Client is a large London based consultancy looking to further their success in 2013 and continue to grow their London team. The Basic Salary up to ****  benefits package Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BuildingSurveyor_job****	North London London South East	North Lambeth		permanent	Michael Page Construction	Trade & Construction Jobs	35000 to 45000 per annum	40000	totaljobs.com	0
201640	71878151	Support and Development Manager	We are seeking an experienced enthusiastic senior manager in our North West region. The post holder will influence the planning and delivery of best practice in respiratory services within the region, support and develop the Breathe Easy group (patient support) network, manage and develop the regional team and support the delivery of national BLF projects and campaigns at a local/regional level. They will be motivated by their wish to ensure that all people, regardless of age, ethnicity or background, living with lung disease in the region have access to the high quality support and treatment that they deserve.	Merseyside	Merseyside	full_time	permanent	BRITISH LUNG FOUNDATION	Teaching Jobs	33,000	33000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
163412	71224231	Key Account Manager	My service have been retained by a leading European manufacturer of acoustic and thermal insulation components. The company product range includes aesthetic interior, under bonnet and exterior trim for automotive, agricultural, construction and many other vehicle systems. They are a solution focused organization supplying directly into leading OEM’s in the Agriculture, Construction Equipment & Off Highway vehicle markets. As a result of continued growth, they now require additional support in terms of a Key Account Manager. Working from the office based in Derbyshire the role will involve European travel, ideally you will have a Strong knowledge of NVH, Elastomer & Polymer composite materials and moulding processes, Educated in Mech’ Eng or Materials Science and have 5 years B2B experience sales of nonmetallic components to OEM’s in the Agriculture, Construction Equipment & Off Highway vehicle markets. Educated to Degree level or equivalent is highly desirable with a minimum of 3 years B2B experience in manufacturing sales and a knowledge of French or Italian language.To find out more about Huxley Associates please visit www.huxley.com	Derbyshire Derbyshire England	Derbyshire			Huxley Associates	Accounting & Finance Jobs	38000 -40000 per annum	39000	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
223057	72397943	Senior Account Manager	Senior Account Manager We are currently recruiting for our client, a young and creative digital search agency based in Brighton. They work with some of the bestknown brands in the UK and around the world, across a range of sectors, including online dating, luxury travel, volunteerism, education, gourmet food, finance and technology. We are seeking a confident and experienced Senior Account Manager to join their established dynamic team. The successful candidate will be flexible and proactive, quick to learn, loves the internet and works well as part of a team. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES You will be responsible for your own portfolio of clients ranging from large international companies to local businesses. The role includes: Developing strong working relationships with existing and new clients, communicating with them effectively and confidently, ensuring that they are happy with the companies services, that they manage/meet their expectations. Fostering long lasting client relationships in order to maintain the companies high retention rate. Understanding the business needs of clients, ensuring that they deliver online campaigns and strategies that support these requirements. Identify additional SEO opportunities for clients, and upsell additional services where appropriate. Work closely with the SEO team to set the strategic direction of each account, and work with the Operations team to implement this strategy. Regularly monitoring campaign performance, analysing and interpreting data, drawing conclusions, and making recommendations to ensure that our strategies are continually working to deliver the required results. Ensuring that the clients receive regular reports and updates regarding the progress of online campaigns, through weekly or monthly reports, meetings (facetoface and online) and presentations. Work with other companies where necessary to help produce clear strategies and campaigns across multiple media. Manage the other members of the accounts team to ensure a high standard of work is delivered through the team. Keep abreast of issues affecting the digital marketing industry, and SEO in particular.SKILLS RANGE We are looking for someone who is interested in furthering their career in digital marketing account management. You should have: A love of the internet and all things online and digital A background in digital marketing Experience of working in an agency environment (ideally within an account management capacity) Good analytical ability to review website and campaign statistics A sound working knowledge of Microsoft Office Fluent English, both written and verbalThe following would also be an advantage (but are by no means essential): SEO knowledge experience Fluency in a foreign languagesPERSON SPECIFICATION As well as being energetic and enthusiastic with a professional attitude, you should be the following: Passionate about understanding business and people Organised with Excellent attention to detail Able to work in a fast paced environment and prioritise tasks effectively Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills, including an excellent telephone manner	East Sussex - Brighton	Brighton	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Customer Services Jobs	28000 - 30000	29000	ukstaffsearch.com	0
82027	69037729	Senior Portfolio Management Analyst	Job Title: Senior Portfolio Management Analyst Location: Leeds Salary: to ****k  Bonus Benefits An exciting career opportunity has arisen for a professional Senior Analyst to work in the Portfolio Management team with Mortgage Credit Risk. The ideal candidate should have  A high level of numeracy  a good degree in a numerical subject  Strong analytical and problem solving skills  A high proficiency in data manipulation, complex analysis and publication techniques utilising various software tools (SAS/SQL and Excel).  A working knowledge including appropriate application of various statistical modelling tools and techniques (e.g. linear logistic regression, decision tree analysis);  Strong interpersonal and negotiating skills at all levels;  Ability to deliver to deadlines, work with conflicting timescales and prioritise workloads. Please send your CV to infoaspiredata.co.uk or call Sophie Creswell on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorPortfolioManagementAnalyst_job****	Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Leeds		permanent	Aspire Data Recruitment	IT Jobs	40000	40000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
172607	71411913	HR Advisor	THE OPPORTUNITY: Are you a HR Officer with experience of working in a manufacturing business? Are you a HR Graduate who is keen to progress within a fast paced HR environment? Do you have good generalist experience as a HR Advisor? This is a great opportunity for you to join an exciting business and to be involved in all aspects of their Human Resources. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: In this generalist role you will be managing and advising on all ER issues and supporting the management to ensure the continued supervision and development of the HR team and its service. You will have responsibility for providing HR advice and support to management and staff in all areas of HR such as Employee Relations, Recruitment, Training and Reward. There will be opportunities for you to engage in the continued development of management information methods and reporting. You will also analyse HR service data and provide feedback and findings to management and be responsible for monthly reporting. You will be required to lead and manage a small office or project team; managing the team and individuals to ensure that they are meeting their individual and team performance objectives. EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE:  Disciplinary and Grievance  Absence Management / Attendance Monitoring  Redundancy consultation  Ability to build strong relationships quickly  Recruitment and Selection  Experience and/or awareness of TUPE  High level of interpersonal skills  Knowledge of all functions in the company  Ability to plan, organise own workload and of others  Capable of initiating and developing projects from combination of data and sources; ability to challenge this Desirable:  CIPD qualified or partqualified  Ability to deliver training to managers  International HR experience NB: As a result of the volume of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR TRAINING, FINANCE and PROCUREMENT SUPPLY CHAIN. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market. Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HRAdvisor_job****	Staffordshire West Midlands	Staffordshire		permanent	Macildowie Associates.	HR & Recruitment Jobs	26000 per annum	26000	totaljobs.com	0
119154	69847887	Primary Float Teacher  Central London  Starting January	We are looking for an enthusiastic and creative Float teacher to work at a vibrant **** form entry primary school in central London to start in January. You must be flexible, adaptable and enjoys the element of working with a range of different age groups. Continuing professional development is one of the strong features of this school and the successful applicant will have the opportunity to acquire and develop new skills. You must demonstrate: Experience of teaching Key Stage **** **** Be proactive and able to use your own initiative Be an outstanding classroom practitioner Highly organised and the ability to plan creative lessons Located in the heart of London, this primary school is embracing innovation in teaching and learning. This school has a number of strengths and standards are significantly above the national average. Pupils at this school are extremely enthusiastic and well behaved, they feel safe and cared for and enjoy going to school. Teachers are well supported within their departments and professional development is encouraged, whether teachers are new to the profession or are experienced. It is a positive and friendly atmosphere for both learning and teaching. To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to the following email address: richard.scottasqeducation.co.uk or register online at www.asqeducation.co.uk We are currently working with numerous vacancies so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education partners with a number of exceptional primary schools across London to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions.	Greater London	London	full_time	contract	ASQ EDUCATION	Teaching Jobs	130 - 145 per day	33000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
164961	71287826	CMM Programmer	CMM Programmer Bedford c****k  bens Great opportunity for a CMM Programmer to join Inspection team of defence manufacturer. The role will support the Quality department with inspection activities. Working to precision drawings in a range of composite and metallic materials in a high precision development environment. This is a great opportunity to join a leading defence company where you can progress your career and work on high profile, complex engineering programmes. Your role will involve liaison with stakeholders and suppliers regarding quality related matters, you'll support tooling and production personnel resolving complex measurement issues. You'll have CMM programming experience gained from Aerospace, Defence, or automotive industry. You'll be familiar with FAIRS, PPAP and have a good understanding of quality systems AS**** To apply send your CV to Samantha View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.	Bedford	Bedford			JAM Recruitment	Trade & Construction Jobs	25000 - 30000.00 per annum	27500	MyUkJobs	0
224479	72420862	Account Manager	Summary This role owns part of the Local Government and Education market in the North of England and sits within the Cisco UKI Public Sector Strategic Accounts North (SAN) team. Key Responsibilities: Develops and executes both sales strategies and tactics that maximize Cisco opportunity within the customer base. Designs robust and creative sales plans and delivers accurate forecasting. Builds strong and sustainable, senior customer and channel relationships. Leads customers and partners to drive the sales process. I.e. operates both as a Cisco High Touch salesperson directly with major customers (i.e. typically County and City Councils and HE organisations) and is also able to manage through partners to lead the GTM charge with smaller organisations such and district and borough councils and FE colleges. Define, communicate and implement the Cisco Go to Market strategy for the Local Government and Education customers and ensures that sales targets are met or exceeded. Articulates Cisco business and product strategies, creates the demand and leads customer discussions to advance the sales process. Ensures a high degree of customer satisfaction with Cisco products and services Interacts with other Cisco teams (AS, CA, Cisco Capital, Verticals, BUs), to effectively leverage the Cisco value proposition Applies knowledge / skill to a range of activities; acts as a source of expertise for others in their own product / sales area. Proactively acts to understand client needs and identity solutions to nonstandard opportunities. Actively creates incremental business opportunities to build qualified funnel Works independently to meet agreed targets but is able to lead a virtual account team as needed. Influences Cisco management to achieve sales goals Qualifications and Experience: Experience in building sales propositions to clients in the Local Government or HE/FE sector. Good Cisco product knowledge, services and solutions knowledge and 2 years account manager experience would be advantageous. Strong business acumen with ideally some experience of working via cisco partners. Public Sector knowledge is helpful with an emphasis on Higher Education and Further Education. Comfortable at all levels of the customer and partner organization Skills Required: Outstanding selling skills in a complex environment  selling to both business and technical communities. Selfstarter with a positive attitude Multitasking ability Excellent negotiation skills (commercial and technical) Influencing skills at all levels from the board room level to the buyer in both customer and partner organizations. Understand client needs, ability to research client environment and develop custom propositions Planning skills and ability to develop (sometimes innovative) commercial solutions for their clients actively creates business opportunities for Cisco Systems Demonstrated competence in using a variety of selling techniques. Strong target orientation Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong presentation skills Has developed expertise in Local Government and /or HE/FE area Relationship management skills Sales forecasting control	Lancashire	Lancashire	full_time	permanent	Cisco Systems	IT Jobs	40000.00 - 80000.00 GBP Annual	60000	energygenerationjobs.com	1
35260	68234580	 PASTRY CHEF  CHRISTCHURCH  **** STAR  **** ROSETTE  QUALITY GROUP 	PERMANENT PASTRY CHEF – 4 STAR  **** ROSETTE – PART OF QUALITY GROUP – VIEWS OVER MUDEFORD BAY – BUSY WEDDING TRADE – FINE DINING RESTAURANT – BAR AREA  Our client is a **** rosette standard restaurant, positioned within a hotel and having views over Mudeford Bay.They are looking for a Pastry Chef to join the busy kitchen team. The hotel is part of a quality group with properties situated in exclusive positions along the Devon, Cornwall and Dorset Coast.The group are known for their high standards throughout as well as their use of quality local produce. The hotel has also achieved many awards and mentions in both the local and national press. The Pastry Chef will be working under the guidance of a talented head chef with a strong background in quality hotels and restaurants giving the Pastry Chef a great opportunity to learn and advance their career.The group as a whole can offer many avenues of advancement, which will be open to the Pastry Chef . The hotel has a busy wedding and banqueting business as well as its fine dining restaurant and afternoon teas trade. All of which the Pastry Chef will be involved with The right candidate should have a strong pastry background and preferably have worked in a rosette establishment, as well as have the drive and determination this exciting role demands. If you feel this is the position for you please send your CV in as soon as possible Please note there is no accommodation available for this role We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving, we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK . As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Towngate Personnel are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/PASTRYCHEFCHRISTCHURCH4STAR****ROSETTEQUALITYGROUP_job****	Christchurch, Dorset Dorset South West	Christchurch			Towngate Personnel	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 18,000 to 22,000 per annum	20000	caterer.com	0
22978	67441932	Receptionist	Or prestigious client based just outside of Dorchester is currently looking for a Receptionist to join their team.  Answering telephone and dealing with enquiries accordingly  Opening and distribution of daily post.  Dealing with visitors, including being responsible for signing in  Daily posting of the receipts onto the spreadsheet  Preparing daily post  Stationery monitoring and ordering  Serving customers at the shop. It is a permanent role. You will need to be computer literate, friendly and reliable. Own transport required.	Dorchester	Dorchester	full_time		Mploy Staffing Solutions	Admin Jobs	7.50 - 7.50 per hour	14400	Jobcentre Plus	0
54431	68677108	Technical & Engineering Recruitment Consultant	We recruit in niche Infrastructure Markets. This means YOU will impact the fabric of society, for generations, by sourcing and helping our clients attract the necessary talent, to improve the United Kingdom’s Infrastructure. We are retained by the majority of the largest clients within the sector, and have a large pipeline of established assignments in core markets.We are members of major PSL’s, with limited competition, where the requirement is to act as a consultant, providing full and genuine recruitment services. Additionally, there is huge scope for consultants who enjoy the thrill of developing markets deeper, as a number of breakaway desks are rapidly evolving. We are seeking Recruitment Consultants, who are already well versed in the traditional role of a contingent recruiter, working at a midmanager to senior level, (candidate salary levels of ****k – ****K, or Contractors at ****  **** per day). As an experienced recruiter, you will be able to apply your skills from other markets, such as Finance, IT, Healthcare and other professional niche markets. There are no commission threshold, and your annual salary increases in line with increasing annual performance, in addition to a decent commission structure. There are increasing opportunities for Recruitment Leaders and Managers if you wish to develop your career in that field. We are privately owned and a family friendly organisation, offering flexibility for staff, as and when they start families. Yes, the financial rewards are excellent; however the best recruiters are passionate about what they DO, and not just about what they EARN. Our consultants take pride in the services we provide, and it is fantastic to recruit an Engineer or Project Manager who is improving the physical fabric of society. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalEngineeringRecruitmentConsultant_job****	Sevenoaks, Kent Kent South East	Sevenoaks		permanent	Critical Project Resourcing	Sales Jobs	From 19,000 to 26,000 per annum + Commission = OTE of 35K - 60K	22500	totaljobs.com	0
61575	68696477	Finance Manager	Badenoch and Clark Accountancy and Finance is supporting a major financial services business with the recruitment of a finance manager to support the senior finance manager in both planning and business partnering. No direct reports but liaising with other Finance team members to ensure a consistent approach (ie P L, Balance Sheet and Cash implications). Working with Group Finance as necessary and liaising with external auditors (at year end). You will be supporting a number of initiatives including development of client contribution profitability analysis and project business case evaluation. Required Skills: Either newly qualified or in late stages of qualification as an accountant Excellent communication skills both written and verbal to both Finance nonFinance business contacts Excellent Excel / financial modelling skills Ability to challenge existing processes and implement process improvements Ability to deliver consistently accurate outputs to tight deadlines Please submit your CV to Simon Webb, stating salary, in the first instance. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceManager_job****	Bradford West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Bradford		permanent	Badenoch & Clark   Leeds.	Accounting & Finance Jobs	28000 - 35000 per annum + bens	31500	totaljobs.com	0
96191	69248318	Benefits Advisor (Part Time)	This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced benefits advisor to join Asbestos Support West Midlands. Your job will be to visit those suffering from asbestos related diseases, provide support and advice and help them access the help they are entitled to. Asbestos Support West Midlands Benefits Advisor Your role will be to advise those suffering from asbestos related diseases and their families of their rights and entitlements through home visits and office appointments. Asbestos remains the biggest single cause of work related deaths in the UK. More people die each year of asbestos related diseases than die on the roads. Asbestos Support West Midlands exists in order to help end the misery these diseases cause. If you can help us make a difference this job is for you. Duties and responsibilities will be: To conduct home visits and office appointments with sufferers and their families in order to provide information & assistance on benefits and access to civil compensation. To provide assistance and representation as appropriate with reconsiderations of decisions, Firsttier and Upper Tribunal appeals. To provide support and assistance for families at Coroner inquests, if required. To develop and maintain sufficient knowledge of the issues faced by users of the service To keep and maintain case files and update the cases database To work with and liaise with Asbestos Victims Support Groups Forum UK, and to work with the West Midlands Hazards Trust to ensure compliance with the Forum’s Code of Practice To liaise with other statutory and voluntary organisations To attend appropriate meetings and functions Operate in compliance with the West Midlands Hazards Trust’s policies and procedures, helping where necessary to develop these Undertake any other duties & responsibilities commensurate with the post Conditions of Employment: You must have an enhanced Criminal Records’ Bureau check. It is not required that such a check be made before the post begins, but that the check be made (if the Project Manager does not already have evidence of recent CRB documentation) as soon as possible during the probationary period. It follows that the offer of an extended contract is conditional on the check being satisfactory. You must have extensive experience in a relevant working environment eg welfare rights. You must be able to drive, have possession of a valid driving licence and have access to a car.	West Midlands	West Midlands	part_time	permanent	ASBESTOS SUPPORT WEST MIDLANDS	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	19,621 (Pro-rata 14,848 - 28 hours per week)	14848	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
190998	71748744	Statistician – SAS	Statistician  SAS THE COMPANY: You will join a leading SAS consultancy, which provides SAS services to a wide variety of clients from internationally recognised organisation, through to small companies. The team you will be joining is looking for a SASbased statistician to join there continuously expanding team. THE ROLE: This is an exciting role where you will be working with colleagues in order to deliver projects for clients. You will predominantly be using SAS to carry out advanced statistical analysis to provide insight for clients in order to improve business performance. The role is very broad so your role will also include managing projects and mentor other members of staff. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:  **** or above in a numerate subject Previous experience as a SASbased analyst Strong communication and organisation skills SALARY AND BENEFITS: You will have the opportunity to earn up to **** **** depending on experience and also receive a competitive benefits package. HOW TO APPLY: This role needs to be filled quickly, so if you believe that you meet the above requirements and would enjoy the role then either hit the Apply button below or please feel free to contact Marion Dodd at Harnham Search and Selection on **** **** **** or email mariondoddharnhamsearch.com KEY WORDS: SAS, SPSS, SQL, VBA, Excel, statistician, analytic, marketing analyst, cluster, regression, modelling, segmentation, analyst, business performance, London, Oxford, Reading, Kent, UK. ABOUT HARNHAM: Harnham Search and Selection are specialists in recruiting within niche areas of Statistical & Analytical, Credit Risk, Business Intelligence and IT employment markets where many businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. We are one of the UKs largest suppliers of analytical staff, and have an impressive client list, ranging from SMEs to some of the world's leading bluechip pharmaceutical companies. Our consultants undergo intensive training to become experts within their fields. Statistician  SAS	City	The City		permanent		PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	40k - 50k	45000	simplymarketingjobs.co.uk	1
63744	68704968	General Manager  Revolution Bars  Plymouth	General Manager  Revolution Bars  Plymouth Salary ****  **** (depending on experience) plus ****% bonus Would you like to be a General Manager for one of the Sunday Times Top 100 companies to work for? Revolution Plymouth are looking for a General Manager to join the team. As a General Manager within our business you will be responsible for all the site KPIs and be given personalised development plan. You will have been in a General Manager role for at least 12 months and ideally have experience with new openings. Ideally you will have controlled sales volumes of over 30k and had experiences in promoting nights. You must have evidence of delivering great hospitality and impeccable standards. The Company Purpose: to be the best bars to work in, be in and invest in Vision: Best Loved Bars Values: Safety, Fun, Integrity, Initiative, Drive, Passion. Inventive Leisure operates Revolution Vodka Bars and Revolucion De Cuba. We are currently made up of over 65 sites nationwide and have a commitment to continue to grow. A very exciting time to join our award winning company. What are we looking for? Are you Results driven?  Do you have the determination to set and achieve goals? Organised?  Do you have the ability to plan, prioritise and organise your work? Full of initiative?  Are you willing to take appropriate action before being asked? A great relationship builder?  Can you build and maintain effective internal and external relationships? An Effective Communicator?  Are you able to convey ideas effectively getting into the hearts and minds of your audience? Do you share our values?  Are you passionate to make the most of your job in a positive and fun way? Why work for Revolution? Sunday Times top 100 companies to work for  5 years running. The Publican s Best Employer 2012 Expanding company with huge development opportunities **** % of our managers have been promoted internally 100% of our Area Managers have come from internal General Managers Training and Development is tailored to the individual Training destinations have been in Venice, New York, Miami, Marrakech and Las Vegas To apply, please complete our 5 minute registration. Join the Revolution	Plymouth, Devon, UK, Devon	UK			Revolution  Bars	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	34k - 36k per year	35000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
130232	70165280	Team Leader  Design	Team Leader  Design (TS An exciting Design Engineer opportunity has arisen for an enthusiastic and selfmotivated person to join the Managed Service for Rolls Royce working within the Transmissions, Structures and Drives (TS Experience in Design of mechanical structures and systems Good understanding of structures Handson experience in designing of components/subsystems Proven Design capabilities in the field of Aerospace, Transportation, Energy and Industrial Industry experience in designthrumanufacturing Involved in Design and Validation of components (Any Domain). Basic understanding of Stress and Vibration. Knowledge of Various Manufacturing methods and materials. Role Profile Understanding the requirements, providing estimations. Arriving at the design solutions in line with standards and best practices. Customer interaction and presenting the solutions in design review gates Writing Design Definition Report, Product data management/Bill of Material and Buy off packs Make decisions and demonstrate ownership of the design solution. Soft Skills Excellent communication skills and customer interaction skills Good Verbal and written English skills, customer interaction skills is essential. Motivated and willingness to learn Good attention to detail. Disclaimer Due to the nature of work candidates should be UK citizen/ EU Citizen/ Valid work permit holder	Weston Super Mare, Gloucestershire	UK		permanent	Owen Daniels Consultancy	Other/General Jobs	30000 - 44000/annum	37000	cv-library.co.uk	0
80057	69020461	Senior Software Developer, C, ASPNET, SQL ****k  Southampton	Senior Software Developer, C, ASP.NET, SQL  ****k  Fareham, Hampshire Senior Software Developer C, ASP.NET, SQL Server, CSS, HTML, Javascript ****k  ****k Fareham, Hampshire Senior Software Developer  C, ASP.NET, SQL Server, CSS, HTML, Javascript  required by a market leading software company based in Fareham, Hampshire. The successful Senior Software Developer will be involved in the development of the company s portfolio of cutting edge, Microsoft software products. The company is committed to the technical and career progression of its staff. There is the opportunity here to move into a Software Team Lead role moving forwards, such are their growth plans. Key experience  C  ASP.NET  SQL Server  CSS  HTML  Javascript Any experience in the following areas would be advantageous for any application;  WPF  Ecommerce or Financial Services  Knowledge of software architecture This is an opportunity to join a successful, stable company offering the chance to work with interesting technology in a talented technical team. If you are looking for a new challenge please contact or call (Apply online only). Key words Senior Software Developer, Software Developer, C, ASP.NET, SQL Server, SQL, CSS, HTML, Javascript, .NET, WPF, Web Services, Southampton, Hampshire	Fareham, Hampshire	Fareham		permanent	Spectrum Recruitment	IT Jobs	35000 - 42000/annum benefits	38500	cv-library.co.uk	0
160116	71184752	Recruitment Consultant / Snr Recruitment Consultant  Sheffield	Recruitment Consultant  Sheffield Salary: ****  **** per annum  uncapped commission scheme Job type: Permanent As global experts in specialist recruitment, my client is currently looking for talented and experienced recruitment consultants / senior consultants and business managers who can help them to power the world of work. Currently looking to grow the Sheffield office within a number of specialist recruitment divisions. This is a fast paced, busy environment with some highly experienced and successful recruitment consultants  you will be joining an award winning and highly passionate team of people. They cover a large geographical location so your clients will be diverse and interesting. They will invest in developing your recruiting expertise at all stages of your career through a first class learning and development programme designed to develop your skills and knowledge. You will be given every opportunity to reach your potential. With an office network throughout the UK and 33 countries overseas, you will have every opportunity to further your career and fulfil your potential to transform lives and businesses. On offer: Recruitment Consultant, Senior Recruitment Consultant  ****  **** basic salary depending on experience and lucrative uncapped commission scheme upto 30%. Benefit package to include pension and medical. Career development opportunities, including team or business management or onsite recruitment. Outstanding inhouse training with our Learning Development team. Opportunities to transfer overseas to offices in Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Far East. Extensive benefits package. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantSnrRecruitmentConsultantSheffield_job****	Sheffield South Yorkshire Yorkshire	Sheffield		permanent	Halcyon Resourcing	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 22,000 to 30,000 per annum Commission (to30%) Pension, Medical	26000	totaljobs.com	0
11468	66537152	Corperate Delivery Driver	A DAILY SANDWICH ROUND DELIVERING LUNCHES TO CUSTOMERS ON A DAILY BASIS. LOOKING FOR ENTHUIASTIC PERSON WHO ENJOYS MEETING PEOPLE TO WORK AS PART OF A TEAM. MONDAY TO FRIDAY ONLY **** PER HOUR. MUST BE OVER **** DUE TO INSURANCE PURPOSES. HOURS ARE BETWEEN 9.30AM AND **** NOON.	Ascot	Ascot	part_time		Paninis	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	6.50 per hour	12480	Jobcentre Plus	0
182389	71606997	Nursing Home Manager  North London  Cricklewood	Regional Recruitment Services are currently recruiting for a Nursing Home Manager to manage a large Nursing Home for Elderly, Dementia and Younger Adult clients. This position is based in the Cricklewood area of North London.You will be working for a large market leading care provider of Nursing and Residential Homes throughout the UK.Skills needed: You must have a Registered Nurse qualification and be currently registered with the NMC You must have previous experience working with Younger Adults, Elderly and Dementia clients Experience in dealing with Alzhiemers, Respite, Palliative and Challenging Behaviours Have a proven track record of running a large home Have worked for a large care provider previously Be able to provide a good CQC report from your current position Have a passion for caring for others Have strong leadership and management skills	Cricklewood	Cricklewood	full_time		Regional Recruitment Services	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	60,000 - 65,000/Year	62500	staffnurse.com	1
130532	70168780	Mechanical/Package Engineer – Job No ****  UK	In this function you are responsible for the mechanical and package engineering and management of modular (skid) units and vessels. You will have the competence for various equipments and equipment packages which include: Modular packages Vessels Process Pumps Utility Pumps Compressors Utility Packages 	North England, UK	North East England				Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	45-55k per annum	50000	oilandgasjobsearch.com	1
43113	68495581	Development Lead, Development Team Leader  Norfolk	Development Lead, Development Team Leader, Development Team Manager  Norwich, Norfolk is required with excellent Microsoft SQL Server/Visual Studio ****010, C, Windows skills to design, create/develop, maintain and support, plus implement Project controls and Team Lead/Manage a group of Senior Developers. Based in Norfolk UK on a permanent basis. Morson International is pleased to offer this excellent role on behalf of our client who is seeking a Development Team Leader/Manager and who will report to the UK Strategic IT Manager, based in Norfolk UK on a permanent basis. We are looking for an energetic, enthusiastic and driven individual to join their busy UK IT department as the Development Team Leader, working with the Developers to plan, design and execute projects conforming at all times with the UK IT Development Strategy. The role will oversee the development, administration and maintenance of IT systems, by understanding the business and customer needs and leading a substantially sized development team to design, build, implement and support solutions that meet and or exceed those needs. Assisting the team of Developers to design, plan and resource solutions, review deliverables that have been prepared before passing to the client and successfully executing project implementations via your team are also key success drivers for this role, which you will undertake as a prominent member of the UK IT team. Strong people management and team development skills are a must, together with a dedication to drive the business forwards, maximising and developing the capabilities of Systems and solutions. As a trusted advisor to your Manager, team/business, communication skills must be first rate, allowing you to promote the relationship with IT, develop a deep understanding of both internal and external customers needs and maximise the ability and ensure alignment of IT by translating those needs into viable operationally deliverable system solutions. Job Requirements and Skills: Visual Studio 2010, .Net, Microsoft SQL Server Expertise of managing Object Orientated Programming (OO)/Modular Programming Expertise of the full software development life cycle; from business/systems analysis, through requirements gathering and functional specification authoring, to development and QA, in technical IT roles such as IT architecture or development team leader Strong technical leadership, team lead and supervisory management skills and expertise, ideally coupled with suitable management qualifications and project skills, Prince 2 would be highly beneficial Lead the design, build, planning and implementation of all IT solutions development conforming with the IT Development Strategy defined by the Strategic IT Manager Ensure your team has accurate project plans, technical specifications, direction, and resources to deliver solutions effectively by establishing realistic estimates for timelines while ensuring that projects remain on target Track and report the status of project, acting as a gateway through which work should be assigned to appropriate teams while ensuring that project scope is adequately defined Control and monitor all UK Development project plans to ensure successful completion of plans and ensure delivery of the projects on schedule Responsibilities: Responds/acts on IT Managers direction and capable of working largely on own initiative Effectively manages priorities, projects and maintenance Responsible for the design, creation, maintenance and support of all IT Systems Ensure Solution documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately Serve as the technical lead to understand business/customer needs and analyse process/system issues Prepare a proper topdown, structured and controlled project plan comprising a product breakdown structure work breakdown structure, Gantt chart and dependency network Interacts with internal and external clients to help resolve ITrelated issues and provides answers in a timely manner Resolves and/or escalates issues in a timely fashion Remains on the forefront of emerging industry practices Delivers engaging, informative, wellorganised presentations Effectively communicates relevant ITrelated information to superiors Understands how to communicate difficult/sensitive information tactfully Sets and manages internal and external client expectations Communicates effectively with internal clients to identify needs and evaluate alternative business solutions Manages the process of innovative change effectively Directs project teams to help implement new systems and client process requirements Identifies opportunities for improvement and makes constructive suggestions for change Suggests areas for improvement in internal processes along with possible solutions Continually seeks opportunities to increase internal/external client satisfaction and deepen client relationships Holds regular status meetings with team Keeps team well informed of changes within the organisation Initiates and implements improvements in all areas of IT responsibility Provide leadership and guidance, resolve problems, coach, motivate, and lead team members to their Optimum performance levels Challenges others to develop as leaders Manages the development of team by ensuring, when possible, that project tasks are in line with each individual' s capabilities/career interests Inspires coworkers to attain goals and pursue excellence Consistently acknowledges/appreciates team member's contributions Effectively utilises each team member to his/her fullest potential Location: Norwich, Norfolk, UK Salary: **** per annum  Holidays Please send your Coversheet, CV, availability and salary required for immediate consideration. Morson International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	Norfolk Norwich NR1 1	Tuttington		permanent	Morson International 	IT Jobs	32000.00 GBP Annual	32000	jobserve.com	0
162068	71198510	Employee Engagement Adviser  Financial Planning	An Employee Engagement Adviser with experience in Financial Planning is sought to join this organisation covering a national client base. The company is an Investor in People Champion organisation, founded in **** and headquartered near Bristol. They provide financial planning services to businesses and individuals throughout the UK. They specialise in corporate Pension Benefit schemes, along with providing wealth management services to senior executives and private individuals. Their clients range from SME s to FTSE 100 companies and their Wealth Management arm looks after more than **** private clients. The purpose of the Employee Engagement Adviser role is to contribute to the success of the business through providing exceptional service to the employees of their corporate customers. You will deliver exceptional employee benefits advice at both sign up stage and through reviews. Title: Employee Engagement Adviser Location: Home based, covering a national client base Salary: ****k basic salary, plus commission, OTE up to ****k Benefits: 3% matched pension, health care cash plan, ****3 days holiday, free parking, **** Salary DIS, 2 Salary CIC (after probation) The Employment Engagement Adviser will be responsible for the following:  Providing advice to client s employees on financial Employee Benefits  Reviewing employee benefits over the phone and face to face  Generating income through the provision of Financial Advice  Providing exceptional advice and service to employees of corporate clients  Generating leads for Client s Personal Financial Planning Team  Complying with all legislative, financial, policy, procedural and quality requirements  Marketing the business and client brand when in communication with clients The ideal Employment Engagement Adviser will possess the following skills and experience:  Substantial Financial Planning experience  A Statement of Professional Standing  Financial Planning qualifications to diploma level  Previous telesales experience would be advantageous  Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal As an Employment Engagement Adviser you will be joining an expanding company who really care about doing a great job. The only way they can do this is through their dedicated, professional staff, and in return you will be rewarded with an excellent working environment and the encouragement to meet your career goals. Please click to apply for the role of Employment Engagement Adviser covering the South West and the Midlands If the details shown on your CV match our client s requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions actively recruit for the following roles: Employee Engagement Adviser, Group Pension Advisor, Financial Services Adviser in South West England / Midlands Ref: CHI****B	BRISTOL,South West England,England	UK		permanent	eRecruit Solutions Limited	Accounting & Finance Jobs	36k - 50k pa	43000	jobsite.co.uk	1
22914	67441745	Electrical Engineer (Design & Development)	PURPOSE OF JOB As the Electrical Engineering technical expert, to support new and existing product development and provide support to design, sales and technical teams throughout the full product lifecycle. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES  Design and commissioning of equipment  Specification and selection of appropriate electrical components (e.g. switchgear, relay logic, PLC, variable speed drives)  Providing technical support and issue resolution (which may be onsite)  Assist with new product development, including building and testing of new products and software  Provide technical leadership to the Electrical Engineering team  Work within company quality and safety procedures  Control the electrical estimated and actual costs  Clarify any scope of supply issues with the project manager and agree timescales  Work with the client to discuss/clarify control requirements  Conduct mechanical/electrical design review meetings with the client and/or internally  Produce Electrical drawings using E**** packages  Produce control software for proprietary plc software packages  Produce Variable Speed Drive software if required for the project  Produce software for any Human Machine Interfaces (HMI’s) required on projects  Produce specifications for electrical sub contract packages and ensure they are competitively tendered  Ensure all sub contract work is carried out to the required standards and regulations  Enter project details onto the company document system including project drawings, software and testing documentation and sales quotations  Provide sales support  Ensure all Health Safety objectives are met  Compie Risk Assessments, Method Statements and Health Safety Plans  Check and approve all drawings produced by other Electrical Design Engineers and/or subcontractors  Compliance with all relevant procedures KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE Essential The jobholder must be qualified to HND level or equivalent in electrical engineering, ideally degree level and  Be proficient with electrical CAD systems, ideally E****  Be used to working to Industrial Machine standards, i.e. BS EN ****  Be familiar with Safety of Machinery, Safety Integrity Levels and Risk Assessments.  Have experience of electrical power and control systems  Have experience of electrical motor control using variable speed inverter drives  Be able to utilize PLDs  Have experience of using switchgear  Be capable of utilising spreadsheets and MathCad  Be able to work at heights  Be able to regularly visit client sites, occasionally abroad Desirable  Management experience  Relevant software design and development skills, e.g. Visual Basic, scripting  Familiar with safety design principles  EMC assessment experience	Derbyshire	Derbyshire	full_time		ESB Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	38,000.00 - 43,000.00 per year	40500	Jobcentre Plus	0
110083	69669491	Insurance/Actuary Analysts	A worldleading company, this is an amazing opportunity for young actuaries to build a career within wellknown company  they are currently hiring within **** departments. Health Actuary Senior Analyst: no more than 3 years experience in German Health market interested in modelling / simulations / programming as well as MCEV and Solvency II Insurance Management Consultant Senior Analysts: no more than 5 years experience in the Insurance or Insurance Management Consultancy markets interest in client contact / presenting to people / macroeconomic trends These roles provide an amazing opportunity for anyone to be surrounded by successful professionals and learn from them.	North Rhine-Westphalia	UK		permanent	Oliver James Associates	Accounting & Finance Jobs	56077 per annum	56077	actuaryjobs.co.uk	1
71746	68837443	Head Chef  Carluccio's  Aberdeen  New Opening	NEW HEAD CHEF VACANCY Currently we have some exciting opportunities in Aberdeen for the role of Head Chef. Interested? Read on for further details and to apply for the position, we would love to hear from you. In our Carluccio’s restaurants you will find an authentically Italian experience, offering freshly prepared high quality dishes. We try to consistently make our customer’s experience special, whether they come in for a breakfast, freshly made food from the deli or a four course meal for lunch or dinner. Carluccio’s is still growing slowly with approximately **** restaurants opening a year, which means that there is always going to be room for progression for those who are looking for a career within a company that is expanding throughout the UK. Our food is freshly prepared every day by our chefs, using only the most authentic and freshest ingredients, carefully sourced. As a Head Chef you would need to oversee these preparations as well as taking responsibility for ordering and stock control. So you will require great cooking skills (or great potential), and a firm commitment to consistency of production. In return, Carluccio’s will offer you genuine opportunities to progress. As a Manager with Carluccio’s we provide exceptional training and development, whilst rewarding you for your hard work with trips to Italy, a generous management discount and a management bonus of up to **** We believe in developing people to the very best of their ability. We recognise that it is our Head Chefs who help us keep this commitment to fresh and authentic food, which is why we realise the importance of developing, training and investing in them. In any one month we run up to 50 offthejob training courses, ranging from Management Skills development to Italian Food Master classes with our resident experts, to courses to keep you safe: such as First Aid, Food Hygiene, and Health and Safety. As well as this we send our chefs to Cook’s School in conjunction with Westminster Kingsway College and also an ICIF trip in Italy for 2 weeks. Take a look at our website www.carluccios.com to learn more about us. All candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadChefCarlucciosAberdeenNewOpening_job****	Aberdeen Aberdeenshire Scotland	Aberdeen			Carluccio's	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	Package up to 39000	19500	caterer.com	0
100786	69541318	Project Manager AVAYA / MITEL South to Midlands to ****K	Project Managers South East UK  experienced Project Managing either Voice / Data Avaya, Mitel, IP Telephony, CISCO IP / MPLS Network Implementations , Migrations, Transitions for leading ICT Managed Services Provider  to ****K. We require a number of ICT / Telecommunications Industry experienced Prince **** Project Managers to provide full project lifecycle Project Management expertise to deliver a range or projects, predominantly Avaya / Mitel VOICE, IP Telephony and Contact Centre solutions into a prestigious enterprise client base. We are looking for Industry experienced commercially strong Project Managers who ideally have Project Revenue and Client stakeholder management experience and possess an excellent understanding of Prince **** Project management concepts and methodologies such as planning, scoping, risk & issue management, version control, change control and acceptance testing. You can work to agreed project management methodologies in a pragmatic way, identifying and quantifying areas for improvement. You understand the implications of introducing additional deliverables into the scope of a project. And can review the impact against deadlines, resource availability and quality. Hemel Hempstead office. Work from Home based contract, candidates should be within **** or **** hours commute located within South East / South West / Midlands / Home Counties. Salary dependant on experience ****K to ****K  Car Allowance of ****k  Benefits We also have London and Northern based Project Manager Roles so call us anyway For more information please send CV in first instance	South East England, South East	South East England		permanent	Imperative Recruitment	IT Jobs	45000 - 50000/annum Negotiable	47500	cv-library.co.uk	1
189225	71708405	Senior CA Practice Associate Role	Senior CA Practice Associate Role About our client Our client is a systems integration, training, consultancy and managed services company. Our client partners with a number of large, global, software vendors, such as IBM, BMC, CA and Compuware, providing value added resale and professional services around their software products. Our client is currently in an expansion phase with plans to double the size of the business by 2014. Growth will come from increased geographical presence and a focus on additional products and services around existing and new vendors. The Role We are seeking individuals to join their dynamic team to assist in growing the fledgling CA Service Assurance practice within our organisation. There are potentially a number of roles available and we are looking for candidates with excellent technical ability and business/customerfacing skills. Technical skills required are:  Unix and Windows operating systems  Appreciation of database technologies and SQL  Basic scripting/programming capabilities  Understanding of networking technologies  ITIL  Knowledge of CA Service Assurance products: o Spectrum o eHealth o SOI o Wiley o ServiceDesk  Knowledge of other Service Assurance products o IBM Tivoli o BMC Patrol/Atrium o Agentbased / agentless monitoring technologies Initially the roles will be a combination of business development, presales and technical delivery, working alongside our client's Managing Director to build the business. There is a potential for global travel, as demand dictates. Our client's technical consultants combine an excellent technical knowledge with the ability to interpret and advise on customer requirements so previous experience in a highprofile customerfacing role is desirable. As the practice matures there will be the opportunity to build a team, working with and servicing CA on a global basis. Our client has offices in Milton Keynes and London but working from home is also optional when not on client site. Package Negotiable, dependant upon skill set and experience. Excellent growth oppo unix windows sql ca associate soi wiley ehealth spectrum london south east Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location	London, Kent	London	full_time	permanent	Excel Technical Resourcing Solutions Ltd	Consultancy Jobs	60000-85000	72500	fish4.co.uk	1
240932	72670266	Demi Chef de Partie  Large Four Star Hotel  Various Dining Options	The role of Demi Chef de Partie is available at a four star hotel located in the Leeds area Role: Looking for a Demi Chef de Partie to work in the large brigade of chefs where you will be required to work on different sections preparing high quality dishes for the hotels various dining options which included a fine dining restaurant, Brasserie and banqueting rooms.This role of Demi Chef de Partie is a varied position that can offer plenty of career development opportunities for the right candidate. Requirements: A Demi Chef de Partie who has good, all round cooking abilities and has ideally already worked within a four star hotel would be ideal for this role.A candidate who is eager to continue learning would be well suited to this role. Benefits Include: Uniform Provided Meals on Duty Company Benefits Excellent Opportunities To Progress If you are interested in this position or would like information on the other positions we are recruiting for or any temporary assignments please send your CV by clicking on the apply now button below and our consultant Tony Papa will do his utmost to assist you in your search for employment. In line with the requirements of the Asylum & Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of the eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process.	Leeds, West Yorkshire, UK, West Yorkshire	Leeds			Chef Results	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	15,500 per annum	15500	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
236198	72549762	Senior Software Developer	Senior Software Developer / Engineer / Programmer  Java / PHP / Python / Ruby / Javascript / Clojure / Ruby on Rails / HTML / CSS / JQuery / Node.js / Backbone.js / Redis / Agile A disruptive global ecommerce super brand are searching for a multi skilled ninja developer who has a passion for open source technology. They are a highly innovative and creative brand working with a ground breaking and brand new development technologies and techniques and operate a collaborative and fun environment. The perfect candidate for this role will ideally have a back ground in PHP and Java, but this isn't necessary  as long as you are a passionate about development and creating rich products for millions of consumers world wide and have a proven track record of creating awesome websites and applications, that's perfect Experience with open source technologies such as Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Javascript, Clojure, HTML, CSS, etc is an absolute plus If you have the above skills and want to be part of a highly skilled and intelligent team of rock star developers working for an amazing brand with a huge online presence; then apply now This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorSoftwareDeveloper_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Mortimer Spinks	IT Jobs	50000 - 60000 per annum + Excellent	55000	cwjobs.co.uk	1
47856	68584938	SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER  NET C	Senior C Developer Company; US owned Technology business. Major software development projects are being movd from the US to their Belfast RD centre. This is a really great time to join a makor technology company Role Overview: You will get full exposure to the software development lifecycle  including requirements gathering, design, software development through to deployment and warranty. You will be working as part of multiple project teams simultaneously, each with their challenges and opportunities. Your primary focus will be on design and build. Personality They Need is your personal ambition and drive to work in an agile development environment, delivering first time for our customers and adding value throughout the project lifecycle. Your technical excellence and agility will allow you to move seamlessly between project developments, maintenance and production support. You should have a strong technical background, grounded in large scale projects; passionate about technology and keeping up to date within the IT sector. Key Responsibilities; Design and develop cuttingedge software solutions, developed in C .Net with SQL as the back end data store. Ensure all deliverables for projects are completed on time, to budget and within quality standards. Assist the project manager in production of estimates for development activity. Work with the business and data analysts to drive the requirements forward. Provide support and consultancy across all test phases of the project. Participation in planning of software release, their execution and postrelease activities. Assist with maintenance and production support. Support colleagues through advice and technical assistance. Your Background; Candidates should have a degree in IT or related subject and at least 5 years recent relevant experience in .NET software development within a commercial environment of which 2 years have been at senior development level Technically excellent in C, ASP.NET, MVC, web development using Visual Studio, you also have strong working knowledge of SQL Server and TFS. Experience of full software lifecycle and different methodologies. Knowledge of design patterns and practices. You should have strong time management skills and the ability and drive to meet deadlines. You will be an excellent team player, but also capable of working independently, showing ownership and commitment to the success of the team. To discuss this great opportunity call Kevin curran in Cpl on **** **** or simply upload your CV. Minimim Experience **** to 5 years Minimum Qualification Third Level Degree	Belfast	Belfast		permanent	ARRAY	HR & Recruitment Jobs	28000 - 38000	33000	recruitni.com	0
140880	70578654	Marketing Executive  Exhibitions	Marketing Executive  Exhibitions CAREER OPPORTUNITY: With a large marketing team and a fantastic reputation for training and developing their staff, this leading Events business is looking to recruit a Marketing Executive to work as part of a big team. THE ROLE: Working on a portfolio of industry leading exhibitions, you will be tasked with driving delegate attendance by running integrated marketing campaigns. Your campaigns will focus on digital marketing including eDM, social media, SEO / PPC and managing web content. ABOUT YOU: With a background in B2B marketing, you be looking to join an International business where you will be trained and developed on a continuous basis. THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary  **** plus bonus Benefits  Healthcare, Pension, 25 Days  Stats Location  South West London, Central London, City of London Contact  Steve Bell (Apply online only) Reference **** BMS is a specialist marketing recruitment consultancy with offices in Egham, Surrey and Bank, London. As a business we truly believe that marketing skills are transferable so our aim is to get candidates into the right job with the right company, not just another job in the sector you ve been working in. As a result our clients vary across both B2B and B2C sectors, whether they re well established Blue Chips or total startups. And the marketing jobs we recruit for vary across the marketing mix. If you d like to discuss how we can help in more detail then please give us a call or visit our website at (url removed)	South West London, London	South West London		permanent	BMS Sales and Marketing Specialists	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	24000 - 26000/annum Healthcare, Pension, 25 Days + Stats	25000	cv-library.co.uk	0
190536	71745177	Sous Chef Pastry  Marlow  **** Hotel  ****	Sous Chef Pastry – Marlow – **** Hotel  **** Our client is a four starred luxury hotel located on the heart of Buckinghamshire, within forty minutes reach to Central London London. Our hotel offers a spectacular dining choice between a renowned ****aa brasserie and award winning Michelin starred restaurant which has been nominated in the top 13 in the UK. The hotel is very jazzy, modern and is an excellent atmosphere to work in. The restaurant serves a mixture between modern European and hearty traditional British. They serve on average between ****/60 on a service and can perform functions up to **** At present, they have an opening for a mature, influential, passionate and experienced Sous Chef Pastry for our luxury hotel. Our team of head chefs have worked in some of the UK's top hotels/restaurants and are strong believers of making everything from scratch and solid team work. They pastry team have a brigade of five chefs. The ideal Sous Chef Pastry will have completed their NVQ Levels 1 or **** in Pastry, a wealth of experience working in a demanding professional kitchen. Strong knowledge of both the restaurant and hotel operation. The position of Sous Chef Pastry is for a prompt start, so the interviewing process will commence immediately. Accommodation is available on a temporary basis. In return we offer: A competitive salary of **** Excellent conditions of employment. Further study sponsorship. Free meals and uniform provided on duty. Chance to work for a group of chefs who will have the time to train and develop your skills. Live in accommodation at a very good rate.	Marlow	Marlow			H C Solutions	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	23k - 25k per year	24000	MyUkJobs	0
52067	68664554	Trust and Grants Manager	Trust and Grants Manager The Holocaust Centre **** pro rata 2.53 days per week negotiable Home based, occasional visits to the Centre in Laxton, Notts and to London required When it opened in September **** The Holocaust Centre was Britain s first dedicated Holocaust Memorial and Education Centre. This remains the case today. Every year, the Holocaust Centre welcomes some **** visitors, mainly from schools but we also welcome other academic institutions, professional organisations and members of the public. Fundraising is a top priority for the Centre and like any good Case for Support the need is evident and pressing. ****15 will be the 20 th anniversary of the Holocaust Centre and the **** th anniversary of the liberation of AuschwitzBirkenau. By that time the Centre is seeking to have established itself as the recognised guardian of Holocaust testimony in the UK and respected as an expert in translating Holocaust Education into effective practical learning programmes for children, adults and communities. The numbers of the Survivor Community dwindle with the passing of each year and the duty we have for ensuring their testimony is preserved and their memory is honoured grows ever more imperative. We have laid all the foundations for an effective fundraising effort that will achieve our objectives for 2015 and as Trusts and Grants Manager you have the opportunity to contribute to something that really matters. You will be experienced in generating funds from a variety of trusts, foundations and possibly statutory sources. You will have first class proposal writing skills that have resulted in success and will bring a good knowledge of the charitable giving environment and organisations. In return we offer you the opportunity to make a lasting contribution for your professional endeavours as well a good level of remuneration and flexibility in your working pattern. How to apply Closing date: **** a.m. Monday **** th February For an informal discussion, please contact Simon Lloyd, Director, nfp simonnfpresourcing.co.uk For more information and to apply, please visit www.nfpresourcing.co.uk/holocaustcentre	Home based, occasional visits to the Centre in Laxton, Notts and to London required	London	part_time	permanent	NFP Resourcing	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	30,000 pro rata	30000	Third Sector Jobs	0
121834	69934039	Sales People; Become a Recruitment Consultant	Established in 2**** we have steadily grown JAM Recruitment to a headcount of **** successful individuals, some of who have the biggest names in recruitment. With our two offices based in Manchester and London, we are now looking to continue our growth, with the outlook to increasing our ****million turnover to 21million this financial year. With focus on improving, innovating our processes, becoming more competitive, delivering on customer excellence, there is no better time to join JAM Recruitment. If you want to benefit from exclusive training delivered by our own inhouse training team, uncapped commission, fast track career progression and rewards and recognition, then we would like to hear from you. Why get into Recruitment as a career? Recruitment is a vibrant and fulfilling industry to get into, we specialise in offering our clients a service which is second to none, and we do this by bringing them together with the candidates who are highly skilled and looking for their perfect opportunity. As a Trainee Consultant at JAM you will strive to; Use various business development techniques to attract business from client companies Become a true specialist in your niche market, building your own business within a business Develop a network of skilled candidates whom you will market to appropriate clients Place candidates into target companies, controlling the process to negotiating an offer Consult candidates and clients alike using your expert recruitment knowledge Work towards promotion and improve your earnings year on year Develop your own team if management is a career path you wish to followWhat are we looking for? If you are a highly motivated Sales professional who is able to build effective and mutually beneficial relationships over the telephone and in a targeted environment then we would like to hear from you. In addition to excellent communication skills, you will also need to demonstrate the ability to absorb information at pace in our 13week Training Academy. What do we offer in return? A competitive starting salary, depending on experience to **** 000 A highly rewarding commission plan. Outstanding career progression opportunities. Unrivalled training from a highly experience on site team. A 3pm finish each and every Friday Regular holiday incentives to destinations such as Las Vegas, New York Lunch clubs for outstanding performance at Manchester s top restaurantsLocation: Sale (we are based next to a Metro Link stop, ****mins ride from the city centre) Salary: Up to ****k plus OTE What next? If you would like to apply for this position then please contact the Internal Recruitment Team on (Apply online only) or send your CV JAM operates a refer a friend scheme of **** in vouchers for all successful referrals so whilst we need 15 people, why not bring your colleagues with you	Manchester, Greater Manchester	Manchester		permanent	JAM Recruitment Ltd	HR & Recruitment Jobs	17000 - 30000/annum Uncapped Commission	23500	cv-library.co.uk	0
227468	72444372	Referral and Assessment Qualified Social Worker Slough	Referral Assessment | Qualified Social Worker | Slough Currently seeking a Social Worker Referral Assessment in Slough. The required criteria is 2 years  post qualifying experience for Social Worker in Referral Assessment Slough. You will have experience of  Experience of working on a duty Desk  Section ****s  Working in a high paced team  Initial Assessments  Liaising with Clients and Professionals/Agencies  Chairing Child Protection Core Groups  Supervised contact  Risk Assessments You must be: HCPC Registered Eligible to work in the UK Car Driver Salary range is **** ****ph ****Social Work is a specialist recruitment agency for Qualified Social Workers and care professionals. We offer. Bonuses for your loyalty and referrals Training opportunities and professional development Full support by an expert Social Work Consultant team ****Social Work Employee Benefits Programme For more information and to find other vacancies in your area contact Simba Garande on **** **** **** Who Cares? We Do. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ReferralandAssessmentQualifiedSocialWorkerSlough_job****	Berkshire South East	Berkshire		contract	4Social Work	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	GBP 25.00ph	48000	totaljobs.com	1
3049	56392765	Home Manager Cleveland	Nursing Home Manager based in Stockton, Cleveland ****  **** bonuses and generous company incentives Nursing Home Manager required for a large bedded nursing home in Stockton, Cleveland. The home caters for the care of the elderly specifically catering for clients with long term care and nursing, to nursing dementia care and respite. The Home Manager will ideally be a Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse with at least **** year's management experience within a similar environment. This is a fantastic opportunity for a current Home Manager seeking a new challenge working for a prestigious company offering a competitive salary creating a lucrative package alongside company incentives, support and progression within this company. We are seeking a strong Manager who isn't afraid of a challenge whom is able to provide a real presence within the service prioritising their time accordingly with staff management, occupancy and quality care. Although a small intimate nursing home we are seeking a strong, committed experienced Home Manager. If you are an experienced manager with a proven track record then i would be keen to hear from you. An ideal candidate is a Manager wanting to make a real difference with their work being rewarded for your hard work in commitment with a very generous bonus structure and incentives. A highly competitive salary circa up to ****k for exceptional candidates plus up to 20% management bonuses and company incentives this is a very attractive role. Please express your interest by sending your CV to cfranceeclypserecruitment.co.uk or contact Caroline for further information **** **** ****	Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham	UK				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	35000 to 45000 per year	40000	careworx.co.uk	0
203702	71943859	Qualified Person QP	A wellestablished Pharmaceutical manufacturer is currently looking to expand their management team in the way of a Qualified Person to take responsibility for batch control and release of IMP and Commercial products. The responsibilities of the QP / Qualified Person are as follows:  Batch release  To provide QA support & training across site  Work alongside the QC lab  Work closely with the manufacturing teams to suggest and drive improvements  Investigation and resolution of customer concerns  Ensure all manufacturing work complies with the EU GMP/FDA approvals The successful QP / Qualified Person will have the following skills/experience:  Registered QP IMP  Conversant with FDA & MHRA regulatory requirements  Auditing experience  Quality management experience  Strong problem solving capabilities and lean manufacturing experience is beneficial  Excellent communication skills The successful QP / Qualified Person will be offered the opportunity to join a leading pharmaceutical company during an exciting period. You will be offered an excellent package and longterm stability. To Apply Please forward your most uptodate CV together with salary details quoting ref ****/TG or by calling Tom Gorton on **** **** **** View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position	Saffron Walden Essex East	UK		permanent		IT Jobs	75000	75000	technojobs.co.uk	1
109444	69641193	Cover Supervisor	ACTON HIGH SCHOOL CENTRE FOR MEDIA ARTS AND APPLIED LEARNING Gunnersbury Lane, London W**** **** to 19 Mixed Comprehensive NOR, **** We are a successful local comprehensive with Media Arts Specialism and Applied Learning, located in a new building, which has well equipped classrooms with good ICT facilities to support teaching and learning. We opened our sixth form in September 2012. You will be supported professionally through a staff training and development programme. This role is permanent and 35 hours per week: Cover Supervisor ****  **** Term time only We are looking for a colleague with strong classroom management skills. Your main responsibility will be to provide cover for classes, supervising and delivering preprepared activities. You can download an application pack from www.actonhighschool.co.uk Please send completed applications to [blocked email] Closing date: Noon on Thursday, 24th January 2013. Interview date: w/c 4th February 2013. The school is committed to safeguarding children and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The school follows safe recruitment practices to protect children and vulnerable adults. The successful applicant will be subject to an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service check. We do not accept CV's as applications. No agencies, please.	LONDON, GREATER LONDON	London	full_time	contract		Teaching Jobs	21,328 - 22,643	21985	fish4.co.uk	0
24426	67651234	PHP Developer, Surrey, ****	PHP Developer, Surrey/London 36 months ********  Permanent. ****K My Client who is a large digital media agency are offering an exciting opportunity for a PHP Developer to join there team on a 6month contract with the view to go permanent. The successful PHP Developer will have 2 years experience as a PHP developer and proven experience in a digital agency background. You will be joining an extremely vibrant and busy office and be involved in a number of new Web development projects using LAMP. Key skills for the PHP Developer PHP My SQL Javascript HTML CSS Whilst it would be desirable if the PHP Developer had some experience in Actionscript or android this is not essential Premiers IT are acting as an agency on Behalf of the Client	130, ,, Surrey	UK		contract	Premier Group Recruitment	IT Jobs	20.00 - 25.00/hour	43200	cv-library.co.uk	1
176603	71471684	Finance Manager	Job Title: Finance Manager Location & Post Code: BS**** (Bristol) Salary: ****K  ****K PA Finance Manager required for our client`s busy and expanding business. They are the development agents for the Bristol & West region as well as owning and operating **** local stores. To be part of their Management Team:  Responsible for the day to day financial management of the business.  Preparing management accounts, budgets, P & L`s, balance sheets, cash flows and managing variances to identify opportunities and inefficiencies for better controls & savings.  Budgets and management accounts will include planning, coordination and communication with each business activity and other teams in the company.  To manage and develop their bookkeeper and payroll personnel and regular liaison with external auditors. Key skills & experience:  Recognized accountancy qualification, CIMA / ACCA / ACA, with 5 years proven capability and experience.  Strong systems skills particularly with Sage and Excel with proven financial modelling skills.  A history of implementing and maintaining financial controls and strong analytic skills with a resourceful and energetic approach to problem solving.  Able to motivate and work within a small team but also the ability to work on own initiative.  Excellent communication skills both orally and written, being able to provide clarity as to the financial requirements of board and bank and to present financial information effectively. Attributes desired:  Proactive individual with a strong commitment to achieve results and contribute to the overall prosperity of the business.  Flexible and enjoys learning and new experiences.  Honest, hardworking, friendly and focused with high standards in regards to quality of work and attention to detail.  A selfstarter being able to work under own initiative while meeting tight deadlines and also contribute effectively to a team environment. Please apply online with your CV and covering letter.	BRISTOL, SOUTH WEST	Bristol	full_time	permanent		Accounting & Finance Jobs	35K - 45K PA	40000	fish4.co.uk	0
64796	68708494	Commercial Business Partner	This role reports directly in to the UK Finance Director and is a high profile role partnering the business on key commercial decisions. A strategic and commercial business partner with a proven track record of influencing in an FMCG or Retail environment. A well known retail brand. c. ******** package Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialBusinessPartner_job****	Slough, Berkshire Berkshire South East	Slough		permanent	Michael Page Finance	Accounting & Finance Jobs	70000 to 85000 per annum	77500	totaljobs.com	1
35202	68234373	General Manager, Contemporary Chain of Italian Restaurants, Blackheath	General Manager, Contemporary Chain of Italian Restaurants, Blackheath SALARY: **** to ****  great bonus LOCATION: Blackheath My Client is a quality focused contemporary chain of Italian Restaurants with operations across London. They have a great reputation for delivering excellent food and service in an attractive setting. They are currently looking for General Manager to join the site and drive the business forward. This is great General Manager position for someone who has worked within branded or independent restaurant environment and has passion to drive the business forward. You will have previously managed people focused teams leading by example and asking them to perform to the highest standards. Restaurant experience is essential but high end Gastro Pubs will also be considered. You will be fully financially accountable and have a previous experience of managing work schedules, suppliers and controlling P Ls to improve the company profitability and performance. This is a great opportunity to work in the business with a strong plan for expansion. If you're an outgoing, passionate about food and service and interested in working with a company whose core values are truly different then please send your CV to us now SALARY: **** to ****  great bonus LOCATION: Blackheath Confidentially send your CV to Lyndsey Rush, Restaurant Consultant, at LRcorecruitment.com COREcruitment are experts in recruiting for the service sector. We currently have over **** live roles across the UK, Middle East, Europe, North America, South East Asia, Africa and Australia. To view other great opportunities please check out our website at www.corecruitment.com or call us on **** **** **** **** for a confidential chat about upcoming opportunities. COREcruitment operate one of the best referral schemes in the industry  know anyone looking for a new challenge? Email teamcorecruitment.com with your contacts CV  you could earn up to **** Follow COREcruitment on your favourite social networks  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google and Pinterest. We give away fantastic prizes every month This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerContemporaryChainofItalianRestaurantsBlackheath_job****	South East London London South East	South East London			COREcruitment International	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	28000-35000 Per Annum great bonus	31500	caterer.com	0
227328	72444042	Car Sales Executive	We are seeking an experience Car Sales Executive for our client based in Birmingham. You must have a proven track record in vehicle sales, be motivated by targets and be flexible with working hours. The basic salary for this position is ****K with an OTE of ****K. You will work shifts over Monday to Sunday, including a set day off during the week and every other Sunday. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CarSalesExecutive_job****	Birmingham West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		permanent	Vibe Recruitment	Sales Jobs	From 30,000 to 35,000 per annum Basic salary 10K (OTE 30-35K)	32500	totaljobs.com	0
158975	71150906	Chef de Partie  Cumbria  **** AA Rosettes  up to ****K	Chef de Partie  Cumbria  **** AA Rosettes  up to ****K  Chef de Partie required in Cumbria for this luxury country house hotel set within a picturesque location, which boasts an award winning **** AA Rosette restaurant headed by a talented Head Chef with a full Michelin background. They are currently looking for Chef de Partie with at least a ****AA Rosette background as they are currently pushing towards further accolades within the restaurant. You must be creative and passionate in your cooking and be looking to move into a professional kitchen where only the finest cuisine is served. The Restaurant has an elegant and chic dining room which can serve up to **** covers per service, along with private dining for guests wanting a more intimate dining experience. The menu is Modern British in design and all ingredients are sourced within the area from excellent suppliers. The kitchen is extremely well equipped and bright and airy. There is a current team of **** Chefs within the kitchen. As Chef de Partie your role will be to manage your own section of the kitchen as required, further training will be given on each section of the kitchen as the Chef de Parties work on a rotation basis to ensure skills are high on all sections. If you re a dedicated Chef de Partie looking for an exciting and challenging new role within a friendly kitchen then apply now. Accommodation available.	Cumbria, UK, Cumbria	Cumbria			Taste Hospitality Recruitment Ltd	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	Up to 19,000 per annum Live In available	19000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
16058	66814235	Senior QA Engineer	Senior QA Engineer Belfast **** ****  Bonus Benefits The company is a leading provider or software solutions in the wireless world specialising in Mobile and messaging technologies. They are going through an expansion period of expansion now and require an enthusiastic and motivated Senior QA Engineers with a track record in delivering quality software to join our dynamic team Belfast. This is an ideal role for accomplished Quality Engineers who enjoy working on cutting edge technology and are motivated by the challenge of complex problem solving. Essential Criteria BSc degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent relevant to Quality Engineering 4 years' experience in a Quality Engineering role with a proven track record in delivering quality software Excellent problems solving skills with a strong technical focus Demonstrable experience working in Java/C++ server applications Knowledge of Web Technologies Strong team player Working knowledge of Unix/Linux operating system environments Demonstrable Test Automation experience Contact Details Deadline To be considered for this position, please forward your CV to Chris Lee at Diamond Recruitment by clicking on the APPLY button on this page and attaching your CV. CVs ASAP For further information on this opportunity please contact Chris Lee at Diamond Recruitment on **** **** **** YOUR DETAILS WILL BE TREATED IN A CONFIDENTIAL MANNER WITH DIAMOND RECRUITMENT GROUP. ONLY APPLICANTS MEETING THE CRITERIA WILL BE CONTACTED. Minimim Experience None	Belfast	Belfast		permanent	ARRAY	HR & Recruitment Jobs	35000 - 45000	40000	recruitni.com	0
21177	67300304	Automotive Service Reception / Customer Service  Chatham	Service Receptionist / Customer Service Advisor  Chatham We are currently seeking to recruit a Service Receptionist / Customer Service Advisor to work within one of our busy accident repair centres. The successful candidate will be responsible for liaising with customers (both facetoface and over the telephone), booking vehicles in for repair work, issuing courtesy cars and dealing with all associated paper work. About you: With strong customer service skills, you will be confident in your ability to deal with a wide range of people in a friendly and professional manner. You will be IT literate and plan and prioritise your workload effectively to ensure that tasks are completed on time and customers are attended to promptly. You will also have previous experience within the Motor trade. About the company: Nationwide Crash Repair Centres is the UK s largest independent group of accident repair centres. We operate from over 60 sites across England, Scotland and Wales and employ more than **** members of staff. We offer outstanding levels of service to our customers and outstanding opportunities to our employees. How to apply: If you feel you meet the requirements of this position and are seeking an enjoyable and rewarding career, please apply online (click on the Apply button below). Strictly No Agencies. Unsolicited approaches will not be considered. Any enquiries from recruitment agencies must go through the HR & Recruitment department at all times	Chatham, Kent	Chatham		permanent	Nationwide Accident Repair Services	Other/General Jobs	17000 - 20000/annum Depends on experience + Bonu	18500	cv-library.co.uk	0
22567	67403379	Care Assistant (Fixed Term) Jobs In Scotland	Job Advert >> You have experience in a caring role in health or social care and have a good general education. With the ability to understand the needs and rights of older people you are also comfortable with undertaking personal care tasks and have a sensitive and caring approach. Show good verbal communication skills and ability to work as part of a team. >> Enthusiastic, motivated and able to cope with demanding work you have a positive, responsible and caring attitude. Manual lifting may be involved. >> This post is regulated work with children and/or protected adults under the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act **** The preferred candidate will be required to join the PVG Scheme or undergo a PVG Scheme update check. An offer of employment by Aberdeenshire Council will be subject to the outcome of this check being satisfactory. The preferred candidate will also be required to provide an Overseas Criminal Records Check from other countries as deemed necessary. An offer of employment by Aberdeenshire will be subject to the outcome of this check being satisfactory. >> The majority of posts within Aberdeenshire Council fall into one of the categories as detailed on the Worksmart website  http://worksmart.aberdeenshire.gov.uk/ Certain terms and conditions of service for this post may change under proposals to implement revised provisions, which the Council is currently consulting and negotiating on. Duration: For a period not exceeding 6 months Informal Enquiries to: Linda Strachan, Care Home Manager,  Job Purpose >> To work alongside Social Care Officers as members of the team in the person centred care and support of individual residents. >> To support the Social Care Officers in assisting individuals with the practical tasks associated with, for example intimate personal care, eating and drinking and social activities. General duties associated with the overall running of the home, as directed by the Management team, are also part of a Care Assistants role. Main Tasks Assisting and/or enabling individuals to carry out; intimate personal care tasks, activities of daily living, as well as providing support in meeting social, spiritual and emotional needs To contribute to the maintaining and updating of personal care plans, using both verbal and written recording reporting systems To carry out any other general housekeeping duties as requested by the Management Team Hours per week: 37 Weeks per year: **** Contract duration: Fixed Term for a Period not Exceeding 6 Months To view the full job advert and any other related documentation, click on the 'Apply Online Now' button below.	Aberdeen	Aberdeen		contract	Aberdeenshire Council	Social work Jobs	Up to 17,298 Annual	17298	jobsinscotland.com	0
196711	71820970	Maintenance Engineer  Electrical Biased	Maintenance Engineer  Electrical biased This is an outstanding opportunity for an ambitious electrical biased multiskilled maintenance engineer to prove themselves in a challenging and varied role comprising of general plant and controls, planned and breakdown maintenance. This market leading manufacturer deals globally with a number of blue chips and seeks an engineer with a proactive approach to engineering maintenance and general problem solving. They are genuinely looking for someone seeking prospects as your skills progress, likely into leading a team . So if you are this sort of career focused electrical biased multiskilled maintenance engineer then apply now as the opportunities in this market leader will be limited only by your aspirations. Skills Electrical Biased MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer Electrical Qualification FMCG background ****  ****  o/t  pension  benefits Wirral, Birkenhead, Bromborough, Eastham, Ellesmere Port, Chester We operate a **** refer a friend scheme so if you aren t interested then recommend a friend and earn yourself **** Please enquire for further details. Alternative Job Titles: Electrician, Electrical Maintenance, Maintenance Engineer, Multiskilled Engineer, Electrical Maintenance Engineer Nb. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position. Interviews are lined up for next week, this is a huge priority for my client so please contact Paul Foster on (Apply online only) or send your CV to ATA Recruitment Ltd, the recruitment division of RTC Group PLC has a nationwide presence represented by branches in nine locations across the UK. The Manchester operation has been established since **** to serve the whole of the North West. We can boast a successful track record of contract and permanent engineering and technical recruitment solutions across a broad spectrum of sectors. Typical vacancies filled would be maintenance, service, design, production and project roles. With a convenient Trafford Park location our premises provide excellent facilities for face to face interviews	bromborough, North West	Bromborough		permanent	ATA Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	28000 - 30000/annum + overtime + pension	29000	cv-library.co.uk	0
97310	69264602	Project Manager	Project Manager Rate: **** to **** per Day dependant on experience Location: Kent Sussex Contract Length: 6 Month  Role Description This role involves running a number of civil engineering projects with in the rail sector across the South East such as:  Bridge Replacements  Access for All Schemes  Platform Extensions  Rock Cutting  Embankment Remediation Reporting in to a Contracts Manager you will lead project delivery, support and monitor site managerial teams, manage labour subcontract resources, develop and deliver progress reports, ensure all Health Safety Environmental and Quality matters are managed on site and liaise with the client on a daily basis. Required Experience Rail background and experience of running multiple sites. Relevant qualification to support your experience whether it is HNC, HND or Degree qualified. Main contractor background Valid PTS, SMSTS and First Aid PLEASE NOTE You must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position If you are interested in applying for this role please forward your CV to civilsatarecruitment.co.uk or speak to the civils team on [blocked] for more information.	Kent & Sussex Kent England	UK			ATA Recruitment	Other/General Jobs	GBP350 - 400 per day	90000	gojobsearch.co.uk	1
110084	69669493	Pricing Actuary  Health	An exceptional role for a Pricing Actuary to take the next step in their career and develop in a creative and supportive environment. Key responsibilities will include; middot; Review the performance of existing portfolios and support recommendations regarding the appropriate rating actions to deliver the financial plan targets and improve risk selection. middot; Lead the production of Generalised Linear models and optimisation analysis. middot; Lead the development of new product designs middot; Lead the pricing of any relevant new product or benefit changes. middot; Lead significant projects and manage meetings regarding rate reviews, pricing etc with senior stakeholders. You will have strong knowledge of General Insurance or Health Products. You will also have daytoday experience in building, using and documenting a least three of the following four types of models: middot; Pricing of annually renewable insurance contracts including rating factors analysis middot; Pricing of new insurance products middot; Statistical modelling experience such as generalised Linear modelling or regression modelling middot; Econometrics such as price optimisation middot; Reserving middot; Financial or capital models; lifetime value or Embedded value modelling Please apply online or contact Patrick Flanagan on **** **** **** for further information. nbsp;	South West London	South West London		permanent	VISIR	Accounting & Finance Jobs	70,000 - 95,000 plus bonus	82500	actuaryjobs.co.uk	1
127363	70031870	ASSISTANT MANAGER  CENTRAL LONDON RETAIL CATERING	ASSISTANT MANAGER  HUGE STORE  CENTRAL LONDON  **** BONUS Ever wanted to work in a place you can be truly proud of? Somewhere where good food, great service and incredible value go hand in hand? YES? Read on I am currently recruiting for a strong, proven ASSISTANT MANAGER to join the team in this busy store in a key location in Central London. As part of your day to day responsibilities, you will be involved in energising and proactively managing a large and very colourful team, inspiring them to deliver way above expectations. You will be the face of the business, leading from the front, and being a positive ambassador for the brand and the site. Turning a substantial amount of money, this site requires only the best manager  you will be supporting the Store Manager, working with them to ensure that your store runs like a well oiled cog. The successful candidate can look forward to a fast tracked career as their internal training and development is one of the best in the industry. A basic starting salary of c. ****k, as well as generous bonus scheme and other lifestyle associated benefits. In order to be considered for this role, candidates must:  Be at supervisory or management level within a quality pub, bar, restaurant or retail catering business and have held this position for no less than 6 months.  Have a stable and progressive career.  Be confident and competent at running shifts independently, with attention to detail and an absolute passion for what you do. If this sounds like the role you have been looking for, please apply now with an up to date CV in a word document, or visit our website  www.appetite****recruitment.co.uk for all of our current roles nationwide.	London, UK, Greater London	London			Appetite4Recruitment   High End Restaurants, Pubs Bars	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	19000 - 22000 per annum + BONUS/BENEFITS	20500	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
86619	69093413	Sales Ledger Accounts Administrator/Credit Controller	Main Duties The review of the computer folders containing Invoices/Credit Notes on a daily basis and Customer Statements at Month end and the forwarding of these documents to customers, either electronically or via post. Ensuring Payments are received in line with the company’s trading terms and conditions by communicating with customers as and when required. Creating and printing of Reports as required during the month and at month end, including Aged Debtors, Customers’ Credit Limits, Invoice Sales Transactions, etc. Allocation of Cash Receipts to customers’ accounts using our accounts system. Regular reporting of detailed information to sales staff and management re. payment/credit risk of approximately **** customers. Provide Reports directly to our Financial Accountant to ensure sufficient information is available for informed management decisions to be taken. Administering paperwork necessary for checking the credit worthiness of potential new customers i.e. chasing up trade references, bank, credit companies etc. Dealing with Customer queries where necessary. Assisting Management Accountant with other monthend duties and general ledger reconciliations. Handling all of the general administrative duties relating to the job. General secretarial and other administrative duties as required by the Managing Director. Ideal candidate should be able to demonstrate proven sales ledger accounts administration and credit control experience and possess excellent interpersonal and communications skills. Location: Glen Dimplex N.I. Limited, **** Charlestown Avenue, Charlestown Industrial Estate, Craigavon, Co. Armagh, BT****ZF	Ulster	UK	full_time	permanent	Glen Dimplex	Accounting & Finance Jobs	15000 - 25000	20000	nijobs.com	0
195943	71807778	Management Accountant	The Company Our client is an exciting high profile blue chip organisation with sites across the country. Due to a major restructure within the business there is a requirement for a proactive and dynamic Management Accountant based in the South Wales or the South West of England to work as part of a high performing team who support the functional business units. The Role The remit and responsibilities of the Management Accountant role:  Support a designated business unit within a centralised team  Financial support to the controller and senior management on business planning, annual budgeting and **** year strategic plans  Preparation of monthly management accounts including variance analysis / commentary  Monthly forecasting  Flexibility to travel to other sites in the North West and South East  Establish and maintain best practice for the finance function with particular focus on effective business and financial procedures and processes The Candidate The Management Accountants experience and qualifications:  ACA / ACCA / ACMA qualified  Experience within a large corporate / global environment  Strong management accounting and analytical skills  Experience of working with non finance colleagues  Experience of developing and implementing new initiatives and processes  Commercial awareness with a willingness to get involved in nonfinancial issues  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills enabling the building of effective working relationships both within and outside the finance organisation  Ambitious, well organised and able to prioritise  Energetic with the drive to make a difference  Flexibility to travel to other sites of the business The Reward In return, the Management Accountant will receive an excellent remuneration package including a ****k  ****k base salary and bonus with excellent benefits including, healthcare, pension and additionally as our client is committed to their employees they offer excellent and genuine career progression opportunities. If you are interested in this position please email your CV. Visit our website now at www.atrsolutions.com to view similar positions. Keyword Search accounting practices business finance corporate financial strategy partner support analyst manager consultant consultancy sales business development account commercial services data statistics marketing analysis bid tender aca acca acma cima nationwide wales glamorgan gwent cardiff swansea newport bridgend barry cwmbran pontypool galmorgan merthyr caerphilly torfaen rhonda powys monmouthshire herefordshire south west avon somerset gloucestershire wiltshire bristol bath trowbridge frome swindon yate cheltenham accounting practices business finance corporate financial strategy partner support analyst manager consultant consultancy sales business development account commercial services data statistics marketing analysis bid tender aca acca acma cima nationwide wales glamorgan gwent cardiff swansea newport bridgend barry cwmbran pontypool galmorgan merthyr caerphilly torfaen rhonda powys monmouthshire herefordshire south west avon somerset gloucestershire wiltshire bristol bath trowbridge frome swindon yate cheltenham accounting practices business finance corporate financial strategy partner support analyst manager consultant consultancy sales business development account commercial services data statistics marketing analysis bid tender aca acca acma cima nationwide wales glamorgan gwent cardiff swansea newport bridgend barry cwmbran pontypool galmorgan merthyr caerphilly torfaen rhonda powys monmouthshire herefordshire south west avon somerset gloucestershire wiltshire bristol bath trowbridge frome swindon yate cheltenham accounting practices business finance corporate financial strategy partner support analyst manager consultant consultancy sales business development account commercial services data statistics marketing analysis bid tender aca acca acma cima nationwide wales glamorgan gwent cardiff swansea newport bridgend barry cwmbran pontypool galmorgan merthyr caerphilly torfaen rhonda powys monmouthshire herefordshire south west avon somerset gloucestershire wiltshire bristol bath trowbridge frome swindon yate cheltenham accounting practices business finance corporate financial strategy partner support analyst manager consultant consultancy sales business development account commercial services data statistics marketing analysis bid tender aca acca acma cima nationwide wales glamorgan gwent cardiff swansea newport bridgend barry cwmbran pontypool galmorgan merthyr caerphilly torfaen rhonda powys monmouthshire herefordshire south west avon somerset gloucestershire wiltshire bristol bath trowbridge frome swindon yate cheltenham accounting practices business finance corporate financial strategy partner support analyst manager consultant consultancy sales business development account commercial services data statistics marketing analysis bid tender aca acca acma cima nationwide wales glamorgan gwent cardiff swansea newport bridgend barry cwmbran pontypool galmorgan merthyr caerphilly torfaen rhonda powys monmouthshire herefordshire south west avon somerset gloucestershire wiltshire bristol bath trowbridge frome swindon yate cheltenham accounting practices business finance corporate financial strategy partner support analyst manager consultant consultancy sales business development account commercial services data statistics marketing analysis bid tender aca acca acma cima nationwide wales glamorgan gwent cardiff swansea newport bridgend barry cwmbran pontypool galmorgan merthyr caerphilly torfaen rhonda powys monmouthshire herefordshire south west avon somerset gloucestershire wiltshire bristol bath trowbridge frome swindon yate cheltenham	Cardiff, Wales	Cardiff		permanent		Accounting & Finance Jobs	40000 - 50000 per annum + excellent benefitsplus bonus	45000	jobs.telegraph.co.uk	1
163427	71224306	Manufacturing Engineer	Manufacturing Engineers x **** Up to ****K (DOE) Based close to Castle Bromwich Automotive and Interior trim knowledge is essential This tier one supplier to the automotive sector proudly boasts an impressive client list which includes JLR, Mercedes, Audi and Vauxhall. They have identified a need to recruit 2 manufacturing process engineers due to sheer volume of work. This volume has enabled them to fill their order books for the next 2 years If you are looking for a new role and want to work within a challenging and dynamic company then this might just be the job for you The Successful Manufacturing Process Engineer will possess the following skills; A strong background in soft trim New Product Introduction or Process engineering experience Previous experience of working within a Tier one Automotive Supplier A good knowledge of manufacturing processes and assembly techniques The ability to work autonomously The role will involve; This role will be split in to 2 areas; NPI and Process Improvement. Projects can vary between 2 months and 2 years NPI Look at the concept and come up with a manufacturing specification how is it made and what is needed? Understand the feasibility of manufacturing Understand what machinery is required. You may look at other facilities within the company to understand what machinery is best/most efficient Look at the layout of the area there is a major shortage of space so need to identify which space they can use. Liaison with other engineers on the shop floor, dealing with objections and problems. Meeting with suppliers Process Implementation of the process bring in the machinery and get it up and running Dealing with customer concerns and implementing engineering change Looking at ways to improve the process Can costs be saved? Can the layout be improved? Mentoring and training of people on the shop floor The company will offer the successful Manufacturing Process Engineer A competitive salary of up to ****k per annum DOE  pension and 25 days annual leave Training and development opportunities if desired ASAP start dates for the right candidate A chance to work in a challenging, fast paced, dynamic environment. For more information or to be considered for this role please call Katie Pickering on [blocked] (office), [blocked] (direct line) or [blocked] (mobile) alternatively you can email your CV to katie.pickeringatarecruitment.co.uk You MUST be eligible to live and work in the UK, we DO NOT provide sponsorship	Birmingham West Midlands England	Birmingham			ATA Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	GBP30k - 40k per year	35000	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
236099	72548178	Copy Manager	My client is a leading footwear brand, with a playful, quirky brand image They are looking to add a Copy Manager to their rapidly expanding creative team The tone of voice used to advertise the brand is integral, as such we are looking for a Copy Manager who can manage the Digital Copywriter, and adhoc freelance copywriters as and when necessary and oversee all copy submitted The role will be working alongside the marketing s inline with the brands DNA We are looking for extraordinary copywriters who relish the challenge of delivering a volume of copy at fast pace, for multiple channels with a love for language and excellent written English In return my client offers an upbeat working environment with a globally expanding brand, excellent prospects and an attractive salary	London	London		permanent	Elite Associates	Retail Jobs	65000 per annum	65000	drapersjobs.com	1
218261	72324955	Health and Safety Advisor	An opportunity has arisen at one of the leading construction companies in the UK. They have developed a strong reputation due to their ability to both keep their employees stimulated with interesting challenges while also keeping them motivated through the opportunity to progress. They are looking for a talented and innovative Health and Safety Advisor who is able to use their initiative and evolve within the role. This role will suit someone who enjoys demonstrating their ability to be resourceful and build relationships at all levels. This busy opportunity will report to the Health and Safety manager while also liaising with employees on several sites throughout London. They will make sure they receive expert advice and guidance on all H&S matter on a rail construction site All candidates applying must fulfil the following criteria: NEBOSH General Certificate/ NEBOSH Construction Certificate or equivalent Exceptional communication skills Full driving licence Behavioural safety experience Proven experience working in a full time Health and Safety role within the rail construction industryHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	London, England	London			Hays	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	38000.00 - 40000.00 per annum	39000	rtmjobs.com	0
122739	69942293	HGV **** & **** Drivers	Job Ref: ****crawley**** Flexible LGV HGV Drivers needed to cover ongoing agency contracts. Must be willing to work in a **** mile radius of Crawley. Must only have a maximum of **** points with no CD, DR, or DD's on licence. HIAB, Moffett certificates are an advantage. Must have Digital Tachograph Licence counterpart. To apply please call Jake Brown on **** **** quoting the above reference number.	CRAWLEY, West Sussex	Crawley	full_time		Ocean City Recruitment Ltd..	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	9.00 - 18.00 per hour 9.00 to 18.00 Per Hour	25920	Jobcentre Plus	0
84998	69080187	Technical Author	Technical Author required for an expanding and exciting manufacturer based near Horsham, West Sussex. The Technical Author will be responsible for a number of areas within the company, from gathering research and information, writing the company s blog and writing detailed application case studies. The Role The Technical Author will be required to gather and research information for use in case studies, application engineering reports and feature articles Write detailed application case studies or application specific engineering reports that identify the customer s issue and the solution provided, and what benefit the solution brings to the customer The Technical Author will communicate that research within a wide range of media formats. e.g. feature articles, press releases, enewsletters, case studies, adverts, web pages and brochures Work closely with the website team to develop and manage the company blog Monitor trade press and instigate editorial contributions to relative and/or relevant features as appropriate Participate in delivery of technical seminars for the company when required. Requirements The Technical Author must have experience in a similar role Maths skills / numeracy to at least A level standard At least two years copywriting experience in a technical or engineering environment, with demonstrable high quality of technical writing The Technical Author should have a good understanding of engineering and mathematical terminology Package **** **** Pension 23 days holiday  bank holidays If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Horsham, West Sussex	Horsham		permanent	White Recruitment Ltd	Engineering Jobs	28000 - 30000/annum pension	29000	cv-library.co.uk	0
166490	71297917	New Superstore Opening, Glasgow Store Manager UpTo ****K (****K OTE)	Job Roles: New SuperStore Manager Location: Glasgow Salary: ****  ****K (basic), ****K OTE The Role: Due to our continuing success and expansion, we are seeking to employ an experienced and dynamic Store Manager for our New SuperStore in Glasgow. As the Store Manager, you will be responsible for managing a multimillion pound business. You will achieve this by demanding the very best from your team and by managing and coaching them to success. The Candidate: Essential: Previous Management experience in: o High volume retail or o Fast paced customer focused environment A high level of commercial awareness Target driven with a strong desire to succeed Able to achieve results through others, by leading and developing your team Proven track record of building strong working relationships and being able to influence others A highly organised, structured and proactive approach to meeting deadlines Able to work well under pressure Able to communicate with people at all levels Selfmotivated, motivating to others, with a cando attitude Able and willing to work flexible hours as determined by the needs of the business Committed to achieving the highest store standards and customer service through achieving KPIs Rewards: When it comes to work, we have a very simple philosophy at Sports Direct, Do More, Earn More . For that reason we like to reward those who go the extra mile to make a difference. Being a market leading retailer not only are we able to offer a: Competitive salary  up to ****K (basic) Performance related bonus up to 10K (achievable) 28 days paid holiday (inclusive of 8 bank holidays) 15% staff discount We also provide: Company Bonus Share Scheme an unprecedented approach to rewarding high achievers. We are currently looking to reward our salaried staff a total of **** million over the next 2 years. Joining Sports Direct provides you the opportunity to be a part of such exciting bonus incentives. And for those that are committed to exceeding our expectations: Free holidays that are once in a lifetime experiences (1 week extra holiday) Top class tickets to Premiership football, International football s leading sports retailer by revenue and operating profit, and the owner of a significant number of internationally recognised sports and leisure brands. Sports Direct is also a Top 10 Global Sports Retailer. The Group has retail interests outside the UK including; Belgium, Holland, Luxembourg, Slovenia, Cyprus and Republic of Ireland and has a flexible approach to entry into new markets	Glasgow, Strathclyde	UK		permanent	SportsDirect	Retail Jobs	25000 - 30000/annum	27500	cv-library.co.uk	0
233983	72483960	Technical Sales Executive	Technical Sales Executive Location: North Yorkshire Salary: ****K  Commission  Fuel An exciting new role for a Technical Sales Executive – Working for a company who supply high quality low voltage power supplies and chargers. Skills required include:  A proven record in new business generation.  Research, generate and arrange appointments with new business prospects.  The ability to account manage  Be able to help develop new markets and opportunities.  Achieve target sales and ensure that the company’s profit requirements are met.  Prepare quotes and present solutions to new and existing customers at all levels. The successful candidate will possess the following:  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Excellent face to face and telephone/email communication skills.  Ability to communicate to all levels within a business.  Highly developed negotiating and influencing skills.  Strong commercial acumen with a professional approach.  Competitive, results orientated and target driven.  Punctual, reliable and have effective time management skills.  Confident, selfmotivated and capable of working on their own or in a team.  Ability to learn and retain high levels of industry and product information. Ideal Product Knowledge required:  L.E.D. and L.E.D Drivers  AC/DC External/internal Power Supplies and Chargers (low and high voltage).  DCDC Modules & Open Frame Units.  Batteries and Cable Assemblies. Ideal Market Knowledge required:  Lighting.  Industrial.  Medical.  Measurement and Instrumentation. If this is of interest then please contact Liam King at AKTON Recruitment on [blocked] or email me at lkingaktonrecruitment.com	West Yorkshire West Yorkshire England	West Yorkshire			Akton Recruitment	Sales Jobs	30000 -30000 per annum	30000	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
49499	68626759	Senior Web Analyst	Senior Web Analyst/Google Analytics/W****Counter/Insight Analytics/eLogic/London Senior Web Analyst with experience of web analytics tools such as Google Analytics, W****Counter and Insight Analytics is wanted by my client; a well established and ever expanding company based a **** minutes walk away from London Euston. Applicants to this Senior Web Analyst role will need at least 4 years' experience with: Web data analysis Data analysis tools such as Google Analytics (preferred), W****Counter, Insight Analytics or eLogic Delivering effective reports Senior Data Analyst with expert web data analysis experience using tools such as Google Analytics, is wanted by my client, a well established and everexpanding company who are based a short walk away from London Euston Station. In addition to the aforementioned skills, applicants must have excellent communication skills and a very high level of attention to detail. A qualification for Google Analytics would be very much advantageous, as would strong experience with any other web data analysis tools, such as W****Counter, eLogic and Insight Analytics. You will be joining my client, an ever expanding and well established company based in Central London (**** mins walk from London Euston), as the companies sole Web Analyst. This means that you will be in charge of the companies' web data analysis and will be an integral part of driving the company on to further successes. You will be required to analyse data, not just for the Marketing team, but also for the wider company as a whole. You will also be in charge of delivering reports to company stakeholders. The chance of being able to establish your own team in the future is there, should you progress in the role as expected. The role will be paying between ****  **** per annum  benefits and pension. If you would like to apply, please contact me. Senior Web Analyst, Central London. Senior Web Analyst/Google Analytics/London Circle Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	London City EC1A2	Central London		permanent	Circle Recruitment	IT Jobs	40000.00 - 50000.00 GBP Annual	45000	jobserve.com	1
117674	69802389	Finance and Resources Manager	Harris Hill Finance is looking to recruit a Head of Finance, HR Internal Services for a leading learning disability charity based in Rickmansworth. This fantastic charity is looking to appoint an individual with a solid Finance background and also previous exposure to managing HR aspects. This new role has been created in order to strengthen the current senior management team of the charity; it will provide a great step up opportunity or new challenge for an individual who has a positive and pragmatic approach to making a great change within the charity. Experience of working within a voluntary sector is essential Main duties and Responsibilities: The Head of Finance Resources will be responsible for the smooth running, development and delivery of the charities Finance, HR and admin functions; ensuring that the team operates together as one business support team. Provide leadership management to the HR, Finance Internal Services staff Play a significant role in the development of the charity's strategic planning consequent development. Implement new systems and processes, as required, to ensure the charity operates in an efficient, cost effective and streamlined manner. Streamline the charity functions by integrating the accounts package, Charity Log and HR management information systems together. Manage the charities investment strategy and ensure that the charity receives maximum investment income from its reserves Production of financial information for funding, bids, tenders and to support the generation of new income for the charity. Production of relevant management information reports including management accounts, cash flow forecasts and balance sheets etc. Ensure compliance with statutory financial requirements (SORP **** Health Safety etc.) Essential criteria: Fully qualified accountant from recognised body (ACCA/ACMA etc.) Experience in a senior capacity of managing a finance function within a charity management accounts, budget preparation, annual accounts etc. Experience of working within or closely alongside HR admin functions Proven track record of enhancing business performance, cutting costs, managing change and increasing efficiency. Able to look at the bigger picture, drive forward change and work within a challenging funding environment. Strong team player, self starter and ability to be an active member of the senior management team. Experience of running payroll and knowledge of PAYE, NI and pensions. Substantial knowledge of SORP **** Ability to combine strategic thinking, leadership activities and operational management across finance, HR and admin functions. Deadline for applications is 15th of Februaryr; you will be required to complete an application form to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceandResourcesManager_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Harris Hill	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	35,000 per annum	35000	totaljobs.com	0
23525	67445775	M&E Manager (Mechanical Bias)	Job Title: M E Manager (Mechanical Bias) Location: Birmingham Salary: ****k  ****k The Company Our client is a main contractor based in the West Midlands is now looking to recruit an experienced M E Manager (Mechanical Bias) to their team. As a business they turn over an excess of 250m working on new build and refurbishment contracts. They typically work in sectors including Commercial, Industrial, Education and Retail with contracts ranging from 8m to 20m. As one of the market leaders, they have a strong presence both within the Midlands and across the country. This particular division turns over 20m and is expected to grow to 65m by 2014. With this in mind, it is a great opportunity for someone to be part of a company which has a prosperous future. Candidate The ideal candidate will possess both mechanical and electrical knowledge but preferable be mechanically biased. Be working for a main contractor, having gained experience in new build, care homes, student accommodation or commercial residence. Candidates with a solid building services background working for a reputable subcontractor may also be considered. Duties  Monitor the progress and manage M E contracts on various sites  Design programs for the execution of M E installations  Liaising with clients providing them with updates  Checking the quality of work by M E subcontractors  Procurement of subcontractors and materials Requirements  Must have experienced as a M E manager  Be able to demonstrate being successfully working within the commercial residential sector  Must have experience overseeing M E contracts up to the value of 8m  Have a clear understanding of the latest building regulations  Great communication skills  Firm work history To apply for this M E Manager position based in Birmingham, please send your CV to miles.henrythinkrecruitment.co.uk If you haven't been contacted within five days of your application unfortunately you haven't been successful in this instance. Think Recruitment will always endeavour to get back to you regarding your application, however due to the recent number of applications per job role we cannot guarantee we will get back to you. This job was originally posted as www.CareerStructure.com/JobSeeking/MEManagerMechanicalBias_job****	Birmingham West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		permanent	Think Recruitment	Trade & Construction Jobs	45000 - 55000 per annum	50000	careerstructure.com	1
175982	71452163	Junior Fashion Designer	The company is one of the fastest growing Retail Fashion Groups in the UK looking to develop a global expansion of the Brand. They have a fantastic opportunity for a highly skilled Junior Fashion Designer. This influential role will involve trend prediction, presentation and customer/supplier liaison. You will have the ability to predict and translate customer requirements, have in depth knowledge of fabrics, be able to work under pressure and have good communication and negotiation skills. Applicants must have experience designing fashion forward, commercial collections for the high street retailers and must understand the technical aspect of garment make up. Only successful applicants will be contacted This job was originally posted as www.retailchoice.com/JobSeeking/JuniorFashionDesigner_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Breakthrough Recruitment	Retail Jobs	From 20,000 to 22,000 per annum 20-22K + Excellent Benefits Packag	21000	retailchoice.com	0
53182	68672809	Expense Administrator	Large organisation is looking for an administrator to deal with expenses on a long term temporary basis. Suitable candidates will have a background within a finance area with good attention to detail along with accurate data entry skills The initial pay rate of **** will rise to **** after 12 weeks in line with AWR Brook Street are only able to process applications from candidates who are eligible to work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExpenseAdministrator_job****	Newport Gwent Wales	UK		contract	BROOK STREET BUREAU   Newport	Admin Jobs	6.25 per Hour	12000	totaljobs.com	0
92865	69183107	OPERATIONS MANAGER Great tasting, locally sourced food your passion?	Are you an experience Catering Operations Manager  passionate about locally sourced, healthy food offers in the commercial and education sectors? The Company Our client is passionate about fresh, healthy food that tastes great and is delivered at competitive prices in the challenging education markets. They have skilled teams that offer fresh seasonal food that is sourced locally where possible, to reduce food miles and work hard to develop strong long term relationships with their clients. This company values its people and continually invests in their training. The Role This is a handson operations role based in the heart of Essex where daily visibility with the clients is essential. There are a number of sites spread across central and northern areas of Essex The Person We are looking for an experienced Operations Manager who is capable of managing a team spread out over multiple sites able to identify training and development needs engage and sustain strong client relationships deliver innovative offers to a diverse customer base manage aP&L and exceed targets Please submit your CV for this role or other similar appointments and visit our website www.barrettclark.com Welcome to Recruitment as it should be BarrettClark Search & Selection is acting as an Employment agency in relation to this vacancy.	Essex, UK, Essex	Essex			BarrettClark search and selection	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 38,000 to 42,000 per annum depending on experience, bonus car	40000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
131205	70185742	Section Leaders  Production Supervisors  NIGHTS	48 hours per week. Shifts: Days Hours nights **** and 3 shift pattern Duties: Running a small section within the production unit of this busy food factory. You will be responsible for ensuring the smooth running of your section (Approx. **** people.) Part of this will be include setting and working to KPI'S, updating spread sheets and internal paperwork as required, motivating and organising staff, working closely with permanent and agency staff to ensure compliance and productivity. Skills/experience: Working within a food production environment you must have experience of running a team. Please apply with CV, stating salary and notice period. Method of apply: Email Submission Email Address: Closing Date: 20.02.2013	Spalding	Spalding	full_time			Manufacturing Jobs	18,000.00 - 20,000.00 per year	19000	Jobcentre Plus	0
215723	72243192	SALES PROGRESSOR / CASE PROGRESSOR / CONVEYANCER	SALES PROGRESSOR / CASE PROGRESSOR / CONVEYANCER ****K TO 20K BASIC, REALISTIC OTE ****K PLUS BENEFITS INCLUDING FREE PARKING, 20 DAYS HOLIDAY AND BUPA. BASED WILMSLOW BRAND NEW ROLE, ADVERTISED DUE TO EXPANSION Our client is a leading multi serviced Property company who operate within Estate Agency, Lettings, Remortgaging and Property Buying and Investments. The company has been established for over fifteen years and is one of the market leaders with an impeccable reputation. They are hugely focused on staff development and offer a structured progression route and career path. This role will be to head up the completions team, focusing on managing the pipeline line of pending deals and properties that are being bought/sold and making sure that they complete on time. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Process all administrative tasks relating to deal progression within service standards. Liaising with brokers, solicitors, and other third parties to promote deal progression to completion. Take a proactive approach to solving problems as necessary, to ensure that any delays are effectively resolved Updating and maintaining information on our CRM system (Training provided). Effectively handle progress and information enquiries by telephone. Processing of client documentation. Liaising closely with the sales and buying teams MAIN SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE A background in sales progression, property sales support, mortgages, sales negotiation, estate agency, conveyancing or similar Excellent negotiation and objection handling skills An ability to work under pressure and to set deadlines A confident strong personality who isn't afraid of chasing deals to hit targets PC literacy with experience in the Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint) Benefits will include free parking, 20 days holiday, BUPA and pension scheme. There will be opportunities to progress and develop. Candidates suitable: Sales Progressor, Sales progression manager, completions manager, property sales executive, sales negotiator, senior sales negotiator, property branch manager, estate agent, mortgage advisor, conveyance, conveyancing manager Locations: Manchester, Sale, Stretford, Chorlton, Altrincham, Cheadle, Trafford, Salford, Eccles, Stockport, Bolton, Wilmslow, Cheshire, North West, Hale, Macclesfield, Handforth, Didsbury, Lancashire, Greater Manchester, North West. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SALESPROGRESSORCASEPROGRESSORCONVEYANCER_job****	Wilmslow Cheshire North West	Wilmslow		permanent	Serata Search	Sales Jobs	From 16,000 to 20,000 per annum 16K TO 20K BASIC, REALISTIC OTE 30K	18000	totaljobs.com	0
19477	67101168	Head of Finance	Our client, a growing SME business based business operating in a niche sector, is seeking to recruit an experienced accountant to lead their small finance function. Reporting to the board of directors, this is a handson varied role that will take responsibility for the following: Monthly management accounts including detailed variance and trend analysis. Managing cashflow All statutory accounting responsibilities Working with nonfinance staff on strategic projects Providing commercial insight to the board to help with investment decisions Managing a small team of staff (credit control and purchase ledger) This role will require the successful candidate to demonstrate sound financial stewardship skills as well as a commercial / strategic aptitude. The ability to be able to communicate at a senior level is key. Applicants will ideally be fully qualified although candidates who are qualified by experience will also be considered. Hays EA is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Norfolk	Norfolk	full_time	permanent	Hays Senior Finance	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 40,000 to 45,000 per year	42500	GAAPweb	0
26623	67808124	Maintenance Engineer	Maintenance Engineer THE ROLE Effective maintenance of plant and machinery including the installation and commissioning of new equipment. Set up, fault finding and repairs to all production machinery, support services and auxiliary plant Perform regular rounds of the site and equipment, identifying and reporting defects and issues that affect the structure or reliability of the facility Promote continuous improvement and take a vigilant approach to identifying and solving problems following a logical thought process A calm and logical approach under pressure, in a fast paced and rapidly changing environment. To work closely with the production team  to understand their requirements and keep equipment available at all times. THE CANDIDATE Strong track record within maintenance manufacturing engineering Experience of working in food manufacturing preferable Experience of electrical, mechanical and pneumatic work Experience of refrigeration and hydraulics preferable Knowledge of PLC's and invertors drivers essential Electrical engineering qualifications, education or certification essential Excellent communication skills both verbal and written	Co Tyrone	UK		permanent	ARRAY	HR & Recruitment Jobs	25000	25000	recruitni.com	0
38426	68309114	Occupational Health Nurse HAV s Train Ilford, Essex Temp MonThurs **** 5 weeks start ****/****/****	Job Ref: PK**** Occupational Health Nurse (HAV s Trained) Ilford, Essex Temporary  Working Mondays to Thursdays from 09.00am  16.00pm for **** consecutive weeks ****/****/13  ****/****/13 My client is looking for an Occupational Health Nurse (HAV s Trained) to work on a temporary basis Mondays to Thursdays from 09.00am  16.00pm for **** consecutive weeks from ****/****/13  ****/****/13 in Ilford, Essex. The role will involve health screening/surveillance to include venepuncture, audiometry, spirometry, electrocardiogram, eyesight testing, vaccinations and mobility testing , fitness to work assessments, drug and alcohol screening, health promotion and most importantly HAVS. To apply you will need to have recent Practice Nurse or Occupational Health screening/surveillance experience and MUST be HAV s trained. Rate: ****/Hour	Ilford, Essex, Essex	Ilford			Occupational Health Staffing	HR & Recruitment Jobs	26.00/hour	49920	Personneltoday Jobs	1
8706	65340540	General Manager  Stylish, Fresh Food Bar Restaurant  Chester	General Manager for this Stylish, Fresh Food Bar Restaurant in the heart of Chester  Up to ****K (includes ****K Bonus potential) The Client This independent company is really focused on its people and offers on going personal development and training. The concept is about fresh simple food, served with personable, friendly and efficient service in stylish surroundings. The company is looking to expand over the next 18 months and needs the right individual to come along and to become part of this growth. The Role  General Manager As General Manager you will be responsible for developing a strong independent brand with an emphasis on real ales and quality food. You will be talented, driven, hardworking and flexible, capable of driving this highly motivated, personable and dynamic manager is required to drive this quality business forward, developing its existing customer base, and opening the business up to new opportunities. With excellent business acumen, attention to detail and an ability to motivate and inspire your team with the support of the operations manager. Be confident and experienced to drive sales through building relationships with your team, local business and suppliers, while taking full P experience as a General Manager in a high volume, quality led restaurant site. bility to lead and motivate, to be highly organised with a positive handsone attitude Be interested in marketing and be a great finisher who is capable of motivating and leading a team. Continue to develop high levels of service standards coupled with high volumes of covers. Ideally you will be experienced with similar concepts which are food led, serving fresh local produce to an exacting standard. Strong sense of ownership over the business and drive to progress in the company Very well presented with a proactive, friendly attitude IN SUMMARY In summary the candidate should live within a commutable distance and should be able to demonstrate the delivery of a great gastropub experience. You will be expected to build our business model so we can grow into another premise. You must be a leader and have several years experience managing in a similar role within a restaurant or demonstrate the ability to do so. The Benefits  General Manager Excellent package up to ****K (including a potential profit related ****K Bonus) Excellent training and progression programs 28 days holiday Chance to be part of a growing company with career progression Candidate Information All candidates must provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the UK along with and relevant supporting qualifications. Bee Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer, a recruitment agency dedicated to recruitment in the hospitality industry. Please send your CV to by clicking the Apply Now button below. Please also include when applying your current salary. Due to the high number of applicants we receive sadly we cannot reply to everyone, therefore if you do not hear back from us within **** working days please assume you have been unsuccessful this time	Chester, Cheshire, UK, Cheshire	Chester			Anonymous	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	Up to 35,000 per annum	35000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
12938	66584113	Secure Systems Project Manager	Introduction Secure Systems Project Manager required to focus on the delivery of applications hosted in a secure environment for a leading consultancy in their Bristol office. Paying pound;****  pound;****k depending on exp. Important Project Manager, Secure Systems, Technology The Job This represents a great opportunity to join the Secure Systems Practice, focusing on the development, delivery and support of applications hosted in a secure environment. The post will improve the effectiveness of the team by providing practical project planning, organisation and management. The successful candidate will have extensive project management experience, governance, cost estimation, project review, business case development, financial management / reporting and be an expert in the use of tools to support Project Planning amp; Management, e.g. MS Project Key responsibilities  Planning of the overall implementation of new applications for the Special Projects Team s Customers Lead on project initiatives Development of programme, project and work package plans Troubleshoot and management of project issues Be accountable for progress to the various boards Contribute to the improvement and efficiency of the Secure Systems Practice Any other duties as required by the Head of Security and Resilience or Operations Manager Experience required  Track record of successful delivery of mediumscale and complex applications in a secure environment APM / PMP / PRINCE**** or other project management methodologies Financial Reporting amp; Internal Reporting Have personally managed/controlled project budgets (EVM) Comprehensive understanding and experience of project management methodologies, tools and approaches Experienced in full project lifecycles from concept to delivery Well versed in contract and commercial issues including compliance, quality, pricing, procurement and sub contracting A strong academic background is required, ideally degree level, preferably in Engineering or Science subject or equivalent Secure Systems Project Manager  They are offering a defined and progressive environment paying pound;****  pound;****k depending on exp.	Greater Bristol	UK			Matchtech Group plc.	Engineering Jobs	40,000 - 50,000/yr	45000	rengineeringjobs.com	1
163002	71212579	Sage 200 Consultant  Yorkshire  ****K  Amazing Benefits	Sage 200 Consultant – Yorkshire  ****K  Amazing Benefits Package Sage 200 Implementation Consultant Role – Sage Business Partner  ****K  Excellent Benefits Package  Interviews Available NOW  Work for a reputable company  Learn other ERP My client requires a Sage 200 Consultant to join their team of experts, all of whom have a wealth of implementation experience and ERP knowledge. With offices in multiple locations across the U.K this company continues to thrive and grow, with numerous exciting projects on the go at any one time. This is the perfect environment in which to develop your skillset and expertise. As part of the Sage 200 team you will work as an integral part of a successful outfit, providing the companies’ customer base with the highest levels of service and professionalism. Benefits include a company phone, laptop and a **** monthly car allowance. The Sage 200 Implementation Consultant must have: •At least 6 months experience implementing Sage 200 with a Sage Business Partner or internally with an End User The following is desirable but NOT essential; they can be provided for the right person: •Up to date accreditation in Sage Financials & Commercials Due to the nature of this role you MUST be able to live and work in the UK by either holding a valid UK working visa or be eligible to do so by other qualifying means as my client is unable to sponsor any work permits. The salary and benefits on offer are completely dependent upon experience. To Apply: To discuss this and other exciting Sage opportunities in more detail please send your CV to c.bowennigelfrank.com or call Chris Bowen on **** **** **** in complete confidence ASAP. Nigel Frank International is the leading Sage recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Sage jobs than any other agency. We work with both Sage Partners & End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements for Sage professionals. Solely by specializing in placing candidates in the Sage market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and Sage jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Sage candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Sage market and some of the opportunities & Sage jobs that are available I can be contacted on **** **** **** or by email  c.bowennigelfrank.com Please see www.nigelfrank.com for more fantastic Sage opportunities Sage 200 / ERP / Implementation Consultant / Implemented / Implementation / York / Hull / Grimsby / Lincoln / Nottingham / Rotheram / Sheffield / Doncaster / Scunthorpe / Nottinghamshire / Derbyshire / Lincolnshire / Yorkshire / SouthYorkshire Nigel Frank International Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Sheffield	Sheffield	full_time		Nigel Frank International	IT Jobs	45000	45000	careerbuilder.com	1
124378	69973824	Allied Health Care Professional : Optometrist Jobs in Southhampton	Flame Health Optometry Jobs  Optometrist Job in Southampton Flame Health Optometry are currently working with one of Europe's leading optical companies to assist them in finding the best optometrists in the U.K. They now require an optometrist to join them in this progressive store in Southampton. As an optometrist you will be responsible for thorough eye examinations and contact lens assessments. You will be able to build rapport with patients using your strong communication skills and interpret the needs of the patients and provide suitable options in the given circumstances. You will enjoy working as part of a successful team and will readily be involved in the success of the store. In return for your skills you will be rewarded with a market leading salary and benefits package. A market supplement and allowances depending on location, a company car with an extensive choice of vehicles or car allowance to a value of ?**** An excellent bonus scheme which is realistic and achievable, 25 days holiday, store discount for family and friends and an individual allowance for yourself, private medical cover and life assurance. To apply for this role you need to be registered with the GOC and be a qualified Optometrist. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Southampton or the Hampshire Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email  optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business.	Hampshire	Hampshire				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	32000 - 45000. Frequency: Annually	38500	jobs4medical.co.uk	0
66725	68714287	GENERAL MANAGER / RESTAURANT MANAGER  BRANDED CHAIN	Exciting opportunity for a General Manager / Restaurant Manager working for one of the UK's leading branded restaurant chains. This role has an uncapped bonus potential. We are looking for a driven General Manager / Restaurant Manager with a similar branded background within a leading branded restaurant or foodled pub who is looking for their next exciting challenge. The Company: Fantastic opportunity to work for a dynamic and innovative company that really does recognise that their people are at the forefront of their success. As a manager at one of their restaurants, you're never a strict boss, a Head Office robot or a formfiller. Job Role  General Manager / Restaurant Manager  Branded Chain: As the Restaurant Manager / General Manager, your role will be to ensure the operating your restaurant to achieve maximum sales and profit by having motivated and skilled staff who deliver a delightful customer experience. As the Restaurant Manager / General Manager, your key responsibilities will include: Recruiting, training and developing your team to achieve their personal best. Leading positively by example. Setting targets with clear standards and time scales. To actively market and promote your business. To develop your business by continually seeking opportunities to increase sales and improve service anticipating changes and planning accordingly. To assist in controlling the financial performance of the business, seeking to exceed agreed sales and profit targets and achieving agreed margins. Key Attributes  General Manager / Restaurant Manager  Branded Chain: We are looking for General Manager / Restaurant Managers who will 'walk the walk' in taking care of their team. We are looking for people with commitment, drive and passion. Ideally you will currently be a successful manager with a customer focused restaurant / foodled pub background. You will be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GENERALMANAGERRESTAURANTMANAGERBRANDEDCHAIN_job****	Lincoln Lincolnshire East Midlands	Lincoln		permanent	DETAIL 2 RETAIL LTD	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 28,000 to 32,000 per annum + Bonus	30000	totaljobs.com	0
132501	70221377	Digital IC Design Engineer	The Company: For more than 20 years my client has been licensing a portfolio of DSPs, platforms and software to leading semiconductor vendors. The have a job vacancy for a Digital IC Design Engineer. Requirements: **** Honours degree or higher in electronics. 2 Years experience in Verilog based design simulation for FPGAs or ICs. Excellent knowledge of digital block design and methodologies using Verilog. Experience with block level and system level verification, reference models and automated test suites. Good knowledge of one or more common digital simulation CAD tools, such as NCVerilog, ModelSim and VCS. Advantages: **** st Class Honours or MENG in electronics. Experience with embedded processor design, processor subsystems and bus protocols such as AXI. Experience with random constrained functional verification strategies.	Belfast	Belfast	full_time	permanent	Brightwater Group	Engineering Jobs	20000 - 30000	25000	nijobs.com	0
188366	71686816	GI in Scotland	We have exciting opportunities for qualified actuaries with a wide range of experience to join a new nonlife team to be based in Scotland. Please contact us for further information. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Louis Manson M : **** (****)**** **** **** T : **** (****)**** **** **** E : louis.mansonstaractuarial.com Antony Buxton FIA M : **** (****)**** **** **** T : **** (****)**** **** **** E : antony.buxtonstaractuarial.com	Scotland	Scotland		permanent	Star Actuarial Futures	Accounting & Finance Jobs	up to 150k package	150000	actuaryjobs.co.uk	1
56768	68683552	Caretaker	Our client is looking for a caretaker to cover for approx 8 weeks starting asap, based in Kingston This role will be taking care of the grounds, moving furniture, setting up rooms, moving vehicles, post room duties, repairs and maintenance. You will be required to hold a full clean driving license and hold an enhanced CRB Certificate to be considered. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Caretaker_job****	Kingston Upon Thames Surrey South East	UK		contract	Office Angels	Admin Jobs	8 - 9 per hour	16320	totaljobs.com	0
226608	72442232	CAD Technician	Conversant with Microstation and AutoCAD? We are looking for CAD technicians to support an existing team and provide a comprehensive, professional and cost effective drawing service on a wide variety of signalling engineering projects on a fixed term contract basis. You will prepare, develop and carry out check processes on drawings to ensure accurate interpretation of designer's requirements prior to issuing check prints to designers. You will be IT literate, particularly in the use of Microstation version **** **** and AutoCAD **** You will also have a sound working knowledge of current British Standards appropriate to drawing practices. Should also have an appreciation of other current Codes of Practice, Railway Group and Line Standards and other statutory documents. An opportunity to get some excellent project experience. Apply now  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CADTechnician_job****	Birmingham West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		contract	Fusion People	Engineering Jobs	18000.00 - 19000.00 per annum	18500	totaljobs.com	0
1718	49689045	Social Worker Children Families	Eden Brown Social Work Recruitment are looking for qualified Social Workers for agency contracts in the North West region. We have vacancies currently available for Social Workers with experience of child in need planning, child protection and LAC procedures. You will need to have 2 years post qualified experience for these positions as you will be expected to join the team and pick up the current case load. You will need to be a car driver with your own vehicle, have a relevant Social Work qualification and be registered with the GSCC/HCPC. If you are interested in this work please send your CV to Eden Brown or call the Manchester Eden Brown office on **** **** **** Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.	North West England, England	North West England				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	16 to 28 per hour	42240	careworx.co.uk	0
222272	72394890	Car Sales Executive, Corby, Motor Trade Job	Automotive Car Sales Executive required in Corby. Hungry for more salesOur Car Dealer client based in Northampton is now feeding the best Automotive, Motor Trade Job: Car Sales Executive required in Corby, Northamptonshire Salary: **** Basic, OTE ****  Company Car & Fuel Term: Full Time, Permanent Motor Trade Jobs / Automotive Vacancies: Automotive Car Sales Executive required in Corby. Hungry for more salesOur Car Dealer client based in Northampton is now feeding the best As an experienced Car Sales Executive you know you the importance of your role in the success of the dealership. Are you seeking a firm who will invest in you as much as you invest in them? To obtain this highly lucrative opportunity you will be success driven with good attention to detail. Bringing solid communication and presentation skills, you will have a good grasp of F&I and be no stranger to being at the top of the sales charts. A stable work history and track record of success will further strengthen your application and be looked favourably upon. For a job where you actually look forward to your daily commute, APPLY for this position TODAY  Motor Trade Car Sales experience is essential. To apply please send your CV to Louisa Coggs, quoting Job Ref: J****  Car Sales Executive, Corby. Please remember to add your home phone number, mobile number, email address and full address to your CV. If this information is missing it slows down our process and may result in us not being able to contact you. Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** (and amendments). We have many different Motor Trade Jobs available from Service Manager, Service Team Leader, Aftersales Manager, Sales Executive, General Sales Manager, Sales Manager, Business Manager, Sales Admin, Body Shop Manager, Paint Sprayer, Panel Beater, Bodyshop Estimator, Dealer Principal, Motor Mechanic, Service Advisor, Motor Cycle Technicians & Mechanics, Vehicle Technician, Light Commercial Vehicle Technicians, HGV Fitters, Trade Parts Representative, Parts Advisor, Parts Manager, Workshop Controller, Fast Fit, Tyre Fitters, Warranty Administrator, Rental Advisor, Car Valetor, Collection & Delivery Drivers. WE ARE THE PREMIER AUTOMOTIVE RECRUITMENT AGENCY FOR MOTOR TRADE JOBS IN NORTHAMPTONSHIRE TM Lots of Motor Trade Jobs throughout Northamptonshire including Northampton, Towcester, Wellingborough, Rushden, Kettering and Corby. Call Us Now For Motor Trade Jobs, Working in Automotive Main Car Dealerships such as Mercedes, Audi, BMW, VW, Jaguar, Land Rover, Volvo, Bentley, Saab, Lexus, Toyota, Mazda, Ford, Peugeot, Renault, Citroen, Vauxhall, Nissan and many more. Copyright Perfect Placement UK Limited 2012. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited&x2019 s prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions. Please contact our office on **** **** **** if you wish to discuss this copyright.	UK Corby	Corby		permanent	Perfect Placement UK Ltd	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	13000 per annum + OTE 30,000 + Company Car & Fuel	21500	careers4a.com	0
166692	71299624	IS Project Test Lead	We are looking for a Project Test Lead to be responsible for setting and monitoring testing and quality standards across projects, reporting to the IS Test Manager. Key Responsibilities:  Definition and implementation of the Project Test Approach and test plans  Allocation of resources to relevant tasks and activities in test plans.  Monitoring and reporting on progress of testing activities to Project Manager.  Understand the business functionality, business requirements and technical specifications of the application(s) under test.  Monitoring adherence of team procedures and standards to the companies Test Framework and Strategy. Key skills/experience for the Test Lead role:  Proven experience in a testing role working on complex, largescale projects.  Proven ability to provide leadership and quality assurance of peers at a technical level.  Proven ability to work under stress in emergencies; flexibility to handle pressure of multiple high priority initiatives and issues.  Experience of supporting or leading testing teams of any size, IT and Business.  Outstanding communication skills, written and oral.  Comfortable working under both formal test processes and loosely defined initiative based processes.  ISEB Foundation qualification or ISTQB equivalent  Working knowledge of HP Quality Centre Desirable skills (nonessential) for the Test Lead role:  Experienced in delivering projects in Logistics/Transport/Warehousing sector  Understanding of development and testing  Previous experience in a test lead or senior testing role.  Strong analytical skills, with an eye for detail  Strong communication and stakeholder management skills: ability to communicate concisely with all levels of an organisation Please note travel to various company sites will be required	Chippenham, Wiltshire	Chippenham		permanent	Logistics Job Shop	IT Jobs	40000/annum Benefits	40000	cv-library.co.uk	0
222047	72393600	Junior Superintendant	Marine Superintendant/Construction manager required for major, large scale marine project in South Korea. Project is a key development focused on terminal, jetty and civils construction and will be a senior member of the team responsible for all topside structures and infrastructure works. Requirements: Proven management skills for teams and contractor staff Relevant qualifications in engineering or similar field Held similar site based management roles Strong communicator Experience with: heavylifting (from barge platforms will be beneficial), Caissons, Marine structures. Responsibilities: Promote and regulate health and safety for the site Responsible for management of commercial and contractual issues Control quality and performance for the works Manage timescales against deadlines and costings This will be a rotational role and will report into senior project directors. The package is negotiable however will be in line with experience and comparable professionals on site.	South Korea	UK		permanent	EWI Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	5000 - 9000 per annum + Car, Accomodation	7000	ncejobs.co.uk	0
205307	72117184	Deputy Headteacher	Are you an experienced Primary teacher with SLT experience and do you feel able to make the transition to a Deputy Head post??? Would a delightful **** form Primary in Kensington L**** Lead on Numeracy, plus many other responsibilities **** form entry Great CPD Graded Outstanding Ofsted 2010 September 2013 Start This wonderful school is looking to appoint a committed Deputy Head Teacher for September. Could this be the role for you??? Due to the advancement of a long standing Deputy Head Teacher, this client school is looking externally for a new member of the Senior Leadership Team. Traditionally, this school would look internally for advancing teachers in their career, but it is believed that an influx of new ideas will keep this outstanding school at the peak of its potential. Your role will be **** Teaching responsibilities. It is expected that you will deliver support to the year **** or year **** team along side your cross school responsibilities. Any successful candidate will have experience across the key stages and a demonstrable past of leading crossschool initiatives and meeting targets. Extra responsibilities, other than Numeracy, are to be discussed as the current head teacher is swamped with a number of obligations and understandably wants a SLT partner to take some of the strain. Would you like to hitch your wagon to this rising school and help build a fantastic Primary School provision for the surrounding community??? This role will provide a challenge, but you will find a creative and friendly environment in which to build and develop a great teaching career. If the above sounds like the opportunity for you please do not delay. Email your CV to Phil at Edustaff NOW	London	London		permanent	Edustaff London Ltd	Teaching Jobs	48024 - 51614/annum L9-L13 dep upon experience	49819	cv-library.co.uk	1
60828	68694511	Senior Accountant	Small firm of chartered accountants based in mid Kent are now looking to appoint a newly qualified to a busy team. The role will be a mixture of accounts preparation and audit. You will be responsible for a portfolio of clients from a variety of sectors including limited companies and sole traders. Preparation of accounts including sales and purchase ledger, nominal ledger, trial balance, bank reconciliations, month end reconciliations, monthly and quarterly VAT returns, PAYE liability, all aspects of financial accounts including year end, liaising with inland revenue and solving any queries. Preparation of Audit files, recommending improvements and liaising closely with the company. Strong systems skills including Excel and Word. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountant_job****	Kent South East	Kent		permanent	JMF ASSOCIATES	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 30,000 to 32,000 per annum	31000	totaljobs.com	0
90452	69168180	Calling all Biostatisticians  New Opps in Europe & Switzerland	Calling all Biostatisticians  New Opps in Europe Switzerland  Are you a talented biostatistician or senior biometrician, looking for a new and exciting challenge?  Have you completed a MS or PhD in Biostatistics, Bioinformatics or Statistics, and hoping to establish a career with a global pharmaceutical or CRO… If so Paramount recruitment has partnered with a pharmaceutical giant who have some unique opportunities on their books for experienced biostatisticians (at all levels) within their growing biostatistics department. Located on the boarder of France, Germany and Switzerland, this prestigious organisation has been a true leader in the discovery and development of advanced medicines and now recognised as one of the top ten major pharmaceuticals in the world. With offices dotted over the globe, this prominent CRO boasts **** successful biostatistics divisions, which deliver the highest level of expertise through the use of modern statistical computing, effective communication and innovative ideas. Due to rapid expansion plans for 2013, I am now on the hunt for high calibre Biostatisticians or Statistical Scientists with experience in the following to join their team:  MS (or PhD) degree in Biostatistics or Statistics with commercial experience in a pharmaceutical or CRO environment.  Strong experience using statistical programming systems  SAS / R / Splus.  Excellent knowledge of the drug development process, along with manufacturing and regulatory requirements.  Impeccable organisational and communication skills. If successful, you will have a unique chance to apply your strong mathematical, programming and statistical skills with some of the industry's best clinical professionals. If you feel you have what it takes, then please Kieron McDaid at Paramount Recruitment on **** **** to discuss in more detail. Keywords: Statistical Data Analysis, CRO, Pharmaceutical, Biostatistician, Switzerland, France, Germany, SAS Programmer, Clinical Trials, Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, SAS Analysis. Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CallingallBiostatisticiansNewOppsinEuropeSwitzerland_job****	UK	UK		permanent	Paramount Recruitment Med Comms, PR & Advertising	Scientific & QA Jobs	40000 - 80000 per annum + Benefits	60000	totaljobs.com	1
229269	72448781	Marketing Manager / Regional Marketing Manager  Hampshire	Marketing Manager / Regional Marketing Manager / Marketing / Marketing Manager / Marketing Management My client based near Farnborough, is seeking an experienced marketing professional who understands the business value of technology. The candidate must be a handson, motivated, organised individual who is comfortable in taking the lead in developing, implementing and managing the regional marketing plan within the regional sales team and partners. The role is field facing and collaborates with teams across the company, developing and executing customised go to market plans and marketing initiatives that increase business throughout the region. Experience 10 years minimum experience in high tech organisations working in a field facing marketing role. Must have a strong track record in a field and channel marketing, and working closely with sales teams and channel partners implementing programs that influenced the market. Sales experience an advantage. Must have experience in strategic marketing planning and a clear track record of ROI. Excellent presentation and communication skills. Solid understanding of the UK and South Africa markets and channels. Must be a selfstarter and be willing to take ownership of their business. Education: MSc in Marketing, CIM, or MBA. Areas of responsibility:  Customer Relationship Marketing : Scheduling, execution, and management of multitouch programs that increase customer retention and satisfaction, and optimise presence within the customer base.  New Business Development : Delivery and management of marketing plans that increase sales volumes, profitability, and net new business opportunities in region.  Regional Partner Marketing : Infield planning and execution of CDF funded activities that are aligned to the regional channel strategy and support regional business objectives.  Field and Channel Readiness for New Product Introductions : Construct marketing plans with sales teams and partners to reduce time to revenue on new product introductions, and work with PR agencies to promote to the market.  Marketing Performance Management: Responsible for marketing budget planning, execution, and ROI management, and the delivery of marketing plans that increase the sales volumes and profitability of company products and services.  Agency Management: Relationship and cost management of regional PR and marketing agency engagements. Collaboration : Work with teams across the organisation to create outbound marketing strategies and programs that drive sales of company products and services. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingManagerRegionalMarketingManagerHampshire_job****	Farnborough, Hampshire Hampshire South East	Farnborough		permanent	HindeSite Ltd	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	From 54,000 to 97,000 per annum up to 97000 + 15% bonus	75500	totaljobs.com	1
26511	67804333	Decision Support Analyst	This global business based in West London is looking for a qualified Decision Support Analyst. This is a exciting opportunity to join a market leading FMCG/Retail brand and benefit from the progression and opportunities that come with it. This opportunity will report directly to a Commercial Director and will be a highly analytical role looking at the P L, KPI and Margin analysis across a number of the regions that this business covers. You will be responsible for liaising across the business to finance and nonfinance teams to assist in the growth of their brands, customers and partners. The ideal candidate will be extremely analytical and have excellent communcational and interpersonal skills. If candidates have any SAP or Access experience that would be a bonus. Key skills required: CIMA or ACCA qualified with a degree Business partnering experience Analysis of P L's, Variances, KPIs Previously worked in a Blue Chip business Advanced Excel If this role if of interest to you and you have the relevant background please contact me on ****	Ealing	Ealing		permanent		Retail Jobs	Up to 45k + Bonus + Car + Strong Bens	45000	hays.co.uk	1
167669	71306767	Support Analyst	My client is a market leader in the financial services arena that are predicting a big year ahead. They have several hiring requirements across many different business areas, the most pressing of which is for a support analyst to help keep their transactional systems running. The ideal candidate will have experience of supporting application, knowledge of SQL and networking in a Windows environment. You will initially be involved small projects in different areas of the business before choosing your preferred team to work in. The interview process is very short and painless. The client is desperate to hire so candidates can expect almost immediate feedback on applications. The company is rapidly growing and offers an excellent package along with a top starting salary and bonus scheme. To be considered apply now or call Abbas on **** **** **** for more information. Direct applications can be sent . Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SupportAnalyst_job****	City London South East	London		permanent	Aston Carter	IT Jobs	28000 - 38000 per annum + Bonus, Pension, Benefits, Equity	33000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
169646	71342196	Senior / Managing Quantity Surveyor (Rail)	About the Role: A large network rail infrastructure contract (****m), involving complex and heavy civil engineering. They require an experienced Quantity Surveyor to assist the site set up. You will be tasked with subcontract procurement, applications for payment and cashflow. About the Candidate:  Needs to have Network Rail experience (ideally NR8).  Structured career history.  Be able to `hit the ground running`. Calco apologise that we cannot respond to all applicants personally and only those who match the criteria of the client will be contacted. Calco Services operates as both an employment business and agency. If your application is for a position based in the UK or EU, under European Employment Law you MUST be eligible to live and work there. This job was originally posted as www.CareerStructure.com/JobSeeking/SeniorManagingQuantitySurveyorRail_job****	Berkshire South East	Berkshire		contract	Calco Technical Recruitment Professionals	Trade & Construction Jobs	350 per day Ltd	84000	careerstructure.com	1
229358	72449013	Qualified French Teacher  Lagos, Nigeria	Qualified French Teacher required to teach children ranging from Reception through to Year **** in Lagos, Nigeria. The school is a British Curriculum school of approximately ****20 children. The school caters for children from Foundation 2 (Reception) to Year **** and delivers the English National Curriculum as part of a thoroughly rounded education set in Nigerian context. Candidates must be familiar with the English curriculum and teaching young children. The school is situated on a very attractive site on Ikoyi island in Lagos. The classrooms are well appointed and resourced within spacious, landscaped grounds that offer the children both indoor and outdoor learning and playing areas. The school has a new purposebuilt Library, two ICT Labs, new extensive playing fields on land reclaimed from the lagoon, IWBs in every classroom, and a new, recently commissioned swimming pool. A salary of ****  **** plus fully furnished accommodation is provided, plus a car and driver will be at your disposal. 2 flights a year is provided in the first year, rising to 3 flights per year in the 2nd year. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualifiedFrenchTeacherLagosNigeria_job****	UK	UK		permanent	Simply Angelic	Travel Jobs	27,500 - 29,500	28500	totaljobs.com	0
181219	71594102	Red Hat Business Development Manager	Red Hat Business Development Manager, IT Reseller, York, **** base  **** OTC Skills Required: Familiarity with partner/resellerbased sales organisations. Knowledge of sales process, forecasting and pipeline management. Proven track record of achieving and overachieving against specific set targets and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Commercial experience (in other words, to have a solid understanding of how a business works, and how to influence decision makers and other relevant stakeholders internally and externally). Ability to prioritise effectively, amongst multiple priorities. Strong industry knowledge. Knowledge of Red Hat would be desirable Desirable skills will include: Prior experience of Open Source or Open Standards Software sales, specifically around the Red Hat stack of solutions. Experience within a reseller organisation. Responsibilities: The primary function of the Red Hat Business Development Manager role is to drive revenue and income from sales of Red Hat subscriptions and associated services. This is a hybrid officeand fieldbased role, requiring the Red Hat Business Development Manager to divide their time appropriately between internal sales and external customer engagement. As the Red Hat Business Development Manager role is directly aimed at selling Red Hat products, knowledge of Red Hat solutions would be a great advantage. This position will be based out of the company head office in York. The package on offer is made up of **** which can be split between basic and commissions. There is also a car allowance with this position to the value of **** per annum. The Client: Our client is a marketleading Value Added Reseller who provides technology services and solutions to large scale UK private and public sector organisations.The company has been established for over 24 years and helps companies to make sense of their complex IT environments by unlocking the value of technology, improving efficiencies and reducing costs. Due to continued growth the company is now looking to recruit an individual who will be technically focussed and experienced within new business sales to take on the role of Redhat Business Development Manager.	Yorkshire York YO233	Askham Bryan		permanent	Lewis Paige Recruitment	IT Jobs	35000.00 - 55000.00 GBP Annual	45000	jobserve.com	1
213179	72235004	Senior Software Engineer, Buckinghamshire	A great opportunity has arisen for a Senior Software Engineer based in Buckinghamshire, to join a growing and leading provider of high technology tools and systems for research and industry. They design and manufacture equipment that can fabricate, analyse and manipulate matter at the atomic and molecular level. As a Senior Software Engineer based in Buckinghamshire, you will be joining a large team responsible for the development of robust software components and systems. You will be responsible for all aspects of the Software development for a product, from the preparation of the Specification through to the design, development and formal release of the software product including maintenance. Knowledge required C in an realtime environment Experience of writing applications in c Experience of developing real time software for instrumentation or analytical equipment Ability to communicate and work well within a team Experience of working with professional software development, notes, documentation etc. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well established, successful company offering exposure to cutting edge technology and good career prospects. For more information on this Senior Software Engineer role based in Buckinghamshire please contact Terry Gargett on **** **** **** **** to apply please email tgargettredlinegroup.Com. Ref:TCG****/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSoftwareEngineerBuckinghamshire_job****	Abingdon Oxfordshire South East	Abingdon		permanent	Redline Group Ltd	Engineering Jobs	30000 - 45000 per annum	37500	totaljobs.com	0
191185	71749526	Customer Service Spanish	An exciting opportunity for an experienced customer service professional who is fluent in Spanish to work within an International Team based in Hertfordshire. As a member of the customer service team your duties will include  Daily liaison with customers based in Spain  Export documentation for large and small scale shipments  Managing orders and customer expectations on delivery timescales etc  Dealing with any queries from customers and the manufacturing floor  Liaison with the International sales team in relation to orders & specialist customer orders  Updating the MRP customer database  Working as part of a team Experience required for the role  Fluency in written and spoken Spanish is essential  Working knowledge of the Export/Shipment documentation is essential  Processing of orders within a manufacturing environment (ideally)  Customer service experience  Experience of working with International customers  Confident computer skills including use of an inhouse database  Excellent English language skills The role is based walking distance from Train and Bus Routes and is a permanent role	Hitchin, Hertfordshire, England, Hertfordshire	Hitchin		permanent	Interaction Recruitment	Customer Services Jobs	19000/annum	19000	cv-library.co.uk	0
84078	69066354	Geotechnical Engineer/Geologist  Edinburgh  Permanent  UK	Geotechnical Engineer/Geologist  Edinburgh Permanent My client is looking for a Geotechnical Engineer/Geologist to join them working in their Edinburgh office working in their water and environmental division. Projects within the department focus on community infrastructure tunnelling water reuse 	Edinburgh, UK	Edinburgh				Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	20000 - 40000 per annum	30000	oilandgasjobsearch.com	0
26657	67812659	Scientific and Technical : Hearing Aid Dispenser Jobs in Newcastle	Flame Health Hearing Care  Hearing Aid Dispenser Jobs in Newcastle Flame Health Hearing Care are recruiting for an ambitious and selfmotivated Hearing Aid Dispenser who is being sought in the Newcastle area to join one of the leading Hearing Care groups, which has a proven track record in developing and providing excellent career paths for individuals through their recognised training and development channels. The main duties of the role are to assist in the operation of the store in order to achieve sales targets and profitability through effective dispensing of hearing aids to members of the general public (who have an identifiable hearing difficulty) to optimise store potential. To deliver excellent customer service and to be a valuable part of a successful retail team. You must be registered with the Health Professions Council (HPC) as a Hearing Aid Dispenser. You must possess a passion for fantastic customer service. Some of the key tasks are as follows:  To work under the control and direction of your line manager/store director to the standards required, noting that the Company`s disciplinary or capability procedure will be used to record significant events or actions.  To also observe the supervisory rules laid down by the Company in line with HPC requirements.  To liaise with, organise and encourage store staff to book initial hearing awareness checks from store footfall, existing clients and external and internal promotions.  To liaise with store managers and directors regarding the motivation and training of store staff to book hearing awareness checks and deal with existing clients.  To keep daily contact with all of your designated stores and ensure that battery stocks, leaflets and displays are kept up to date and in plentiful supply, and that all relevant information communicated by the Group is observed and passed on.  To ensure that sufficient existing clients and new enquiries are seen to meet agreed personal performance standards.  Understand and apply NHS practices and procedures as appropriate.  Work to the company Customer Service Standards Actively seek to improve your own skills and product knowledge Your Objectives:  To generate business as appropriate.  To meet HPC and company agreed standards in conduct and performance.  To meet all HPC requirements in regard to maintaining full registration with the council as well as the attainment of CPD points as set out within the HPC/BSHAA legislation. The company passion is to deliver outstanding patient care, combined with sound dispensing advice and product recommendations that best suit individual customer needs. In additional to the highest quality equipment, they aim to provide both their store staff and their customers with an excellent overall environment. They treat people as they would wish to be treated, and if you join them, you will be supported by extremely well trained and motivated retail staff, in addition to an expert professional team. Their expectation is that you will share the company vision to provide their patients with the very best professional service as well as exceptional customer care on every visit to your store. In return you will receive a very competitive salary package, which has an additional location supplement. The group also runs a comprehensive benefits package, including pension and health schemes. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional qualified Hearing Aid Dispenser Job Opportunities throughout Newcastle or in the Tyne & Wear Region contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email hearingcareflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business	Tyne and Wear	Newcastle Upon Tyne				Scientific & QA Jobs	18000 - 20000. Frequency: Annually	19000	jobs4medical.co.uk	0
467	46628733	Care Workers Weymouth	Bluebird Care (Weymouth & West Dorset) is looking to recruit Care Workers based in Weymouth to join our growing care at home service Our Care Workers are the lifeblood of our business and that is why we offer **** to **** per hour as well as a mileage allowance and excellent training and devlopment opportunities. We are determined to recruit only the most professional and caring people who are passionate about the standard of care they deliver. We provide care for customers within their own homes so own car and willingness to travel in and around Weymouth is essential. Call us today on **** **** or send your CV.to advance your career in care or to learn more about Bluebird Care (Weymouth & West Dorset) visit our homepage at www.bluebirdcare.co.uk/weymouth	Weymouth, Dorset	Weymouth	part_time			Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	7.45 to 11.17 per hour	17875	careworx.co.uk	0
138050	70437085	Account Executive	Are you a numerate, proactive selfstarter with common sense? If so, please read on??? I currently have a fantastic opportunity for an Account Executive to join an established West Yorkshire agency specialising in direct response campaigns to deliver media solutions to an impressive portfolio of clients. In terms of the role, you will be supporting client facing teams within the agency and begin to learn and understand media planning & buying skills and principles. You will become an expert in optimising ad placement across on and off line media, from TV to paid search and beyond. Roles and Responsibilities  Putting together client reports and delivering insight and analysis across multiple channels.  Learning about and training across all key media channels: TV, Press and Digital.  Developing and cultivating relationships with suppliers/media owners.  Developing/cultivating relationships with clients to deliver excellent service.  Negotiating the best prices for our clients by developing excellent communication and interpersonal relationship skills To be considered for this role, our client is looking for someone with an analytical mind. You will have excellent numeracy skills and be able to work with large amounts of client data. You will be a proactive self starter who is organised and driven to develop quickly within the agency This marketing job is commutable from Leeds, Bradford, and Wakefield. To apply for this role, please contact Becki Burton **** **** or email your CV to infonetworkmarketingjobs.com Network Marketing is an Equal Opportunities and Age Positive Employer acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy To receive up to the minute job tweets, just follow us on twitter at marketingjobs****  Network Group Holdings is an Equal Opportunities Employer	Yorkshire, West Yorkshire	West Yorkshire				PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	16k to 18k per year GBP	17000	onlymarketingjobs.com	0
132075	70210741	EB Analyst	Our client is a global financial name, and due to a restructure within their Employee Benefits division we are seeking a Group Risk administrator for a new role. Your experience will include group life assurance, critical illness, healthcare product knowledge and you will have experience in claims, renewals, rebroking and drafting client reports. You will provide full support to the client managers, and manage the relationship with the providers. This role offers training for other employee benefits including corporate pensions and flexible benefits, support for professional qualifications, career development and a highly attractive benefits package.	Cheshire	Cheshire		permanent	Branwell Ford Associates	Accounting & Finance Jobs	GBP22500 - 27000 per annum	24750	professionalpensionsjobs.com	0
78803	69016193	Reports Administrator  DAY SHIFT	Our client based in Hook is looking for a Reports Administrator to join their company on a permanent basis. Job Role:  Processing and evaluation of data, using in house programmes  Preparation and issue of client reports  Liaising with customers and highlighting feedback and concerns to manager  Handling electronic data files  Carrying out system checks  General office duties and data entry as required Preferred Skills:  IT Literate with good working knowledge of MS Office (and Outlook) and be comfortable with electronic file handling  Possess a logical, analytical and methodical aptitude  High level of English grammar Associated Benefits:  ****k pa (reviewed after **** month probationary period)  35 hours per week, Monday to Friday  Paid overtime maybe necessary  Company contributory pension scheme  20 days holiday (increasing **** day per year up to 25 days)  Free parking  Full training will be provided	Hook, Hampshire	Hook		permanent	Select Appointments	Admin Jobs	15000/annum	15000	cv-library.co.uk	0
57693	68686105	Citrix / Microsoft Consultant  Technical Manager	Technical Manager Citrix Microsoft  Established and successful full lifecycle IT solutions and managed services provider is recruiting a technical manager to add to the team able to take ownership and manage customer infrastructures on both a technical and customer account management level. This would suit someone very technical who also has a desire to account manage customers. The Citrix / Microsoft Technical Manager will have good familiarity with Citrix, Microsoft, Virtualisation, Networking technologies with good technical customer management experience. Skills required: Good experience with Microsoft technologies – Windows Server **** **** R**** Exchange, SQL, Active Directory etc. Good experience with Citrix technologies – XenApp, Access Gateway, XenDesktop. Good experience with virtualisation platforms and Storage Area Networks – HyperV, XenServer, HP/Dell SANs etc. Familiar with technologies used to manage infrastructures i.e. SCCM, WSUS. Presales experience with regards managed services. Must be customer facing and able to lead customers/meetings. On offer is a basic up to ****k  5% KPI related bonus, and benefits including life assurance, and excellent training and progression opportunity, Our client has a great work ethic and culture and is committed to staff development. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CitrixMicrosoftConsultantTechnicalManager_job****	Woking Surrey South East	Woking		permanent	Venturi	IT Jobs	From 40,000 to 45,000 per annum 5% kpi bonus + benefits	42500	totaljobs.com	0
214929	72241040	Caretaker	Caretaker **** per day West London A West London Housing Association are currently recruiting for **** Caretakers to be responsible for the provision of a responsive caretaking service in order to achieve and maintain high standards of caretaking and cleaning on estate and designated gap sites. The post holder will be responsible for the cleaning and upkeep of communal areas and will drive an association vehicle in order to provide a flexible mobile caretaking service across the area housing offices. Hours of work are Monday to Friday 8am to 4pm, with a shift working once every six weekends. Candidates should have experience of cleaning or caretaking and be willing to work outdoors. Candidates MUST have a Full Clean UK Driving Licence. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Caretaker_job****	West London London South East	East Sheen		contract	Hewitson Walker	Other/General Jobs	80.80 Per Day	19392	totaljobs.com	0
151119	70767604	New Store  Management Opportunities  Paignton  Devon	The Roles: Due to our continuing success and expansion we are seeking to employ a number of experienced and dynamic managers in various positions in our New Paignton Store. Store Manager Basic ********k (OTE ****k) Assistant Manager Basic ********k (OTE ****k) Footwear Manager Basic ********k (OTE ****K) Department Supervisor Basic ********k (OTE ****K) You will be responsible for managing a multimillion pound business. You will achieve this by demanding the very best from your team and by managing and coaching them to success. The Candidate: Essential: Previous Management experience in: a High volume retail or a Fast paced customer focused environment A high level of commercial awareness Target driven with a strong desire to succeed Able to achieve results through others, by leading and developing your team Proven track record of building strong working relationships and being able to influence others A highly organised, structured and proactive approach to meeting deadlines Able to work well under pressure Able to communicate with people at all levels Selfmotivated, motivating to others, with a cando attitude Able and willing to work flexible hours as determined by the needs of the business Committed to achieving the highest store standards and customer service through achieving KPIs Rewards: When it comes to work, we have a very simple philosophy at Sports Direct, Do More, Earn More . For that reason we like to reward those who go the extra mile to make a difference. Being a market leading retailer not only are we able to offer a: Competitive salary up to ****K (basic) Performance related bonus up to 10K (achievable) 28 days paid holiday (inclusive of 8 bank holidays) 15% staff discount We also provide: Company Bonus Share Scheme an unprecedented approach to rewarding high achievers. We are currently looking to reward our salaried staff a total of **** million over the next 2 years. Joining Sports Direct provides you the opportunity to be a part of such exciting bonus incentives. And for those that are committed to exceeding our expectations: Free holidays that are once in a lifetime experiences (1 week extra holiday) Top class tickets to Premiership football, International football s leading sports retailer by revenue and operating profit, and the owner of a significant number of internationally recognised sports and leisure brands. Sports Direct is also a Top 10 Global Sports Retailer. The Group has retail interests outside the UK including; Belgium, Holland, Luxembourg, Slovenia, Cyprus and Republic of Ireland and has a flexible approach to entry into new markets	Paignton, Devon	Paignton		permanent	SportsDirect	Retail Jobs	16000 - 25000/annum	20500	cv-library.co.uk	0
164833	71278135	Senior Graphene Scientist in Teesside	Senior Graphene Scientist in Teesside. Graeme Pallas at CK Science is recruiting for a Senior Graphene Scientist to join a cutting edge technology company at their site in Teesside. As a Senior Graphene Scientist your main responsibilities will include:  Managing **** scientists leading research into the application of Graphene  Identify and liaise with potential R&D partners  Develop new graphene formulations to match customer needs  Responsible for large scale processing of Graphene As a Senior Graphene Scientist you will have the following qualifications, skills and experience:  PhD in Chemistry or Materials Science  Experience working within a Graphene or nanocarbon research laboratory  Knowledgeable in the development of new chemical products and processes The successful Senior Graphene Scientist will be joining a technology company that is at the cutting edge of scientific research in Graphene applications. This is a permanent position paying a competitive salary and would suit a Senior Scientist looking to further their career in a start up organisation. CK Science is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all who meet our selection criteria. If you do not hear back from us within **** working days of your application for this role, it means that on this occasion you have not been shortlisted for the next stage of the recruitment campaign. Entitlement to work in the EEA is essential. Please quote reference DH**** in all correspondence. Keywords: senior graphene scientist, graphene scientist, graphene research, graphene applications, graphene development, senior scientist, nanocarbon, nano carbon, materials science jobs, graeme pallas.	Cleveland	Marton-In-Cleveland			CK Group 	Scientific & QA Jobs	25000 to 31000 Per: annum	28000	access-sciencejobs.co.uk	0
140535	70576958	Telephone Fundraisers	Charity fundraising roles Temp to Perm If you are looking for a charity role where you can make a big difference then keep reading Sammons work with a number of the best Charities and Charity Fundraising companies; we now have a number of opportunities in Brighton for people to build a career in fundraising and no experience is needed as FULL TRAINING IS PROVIDED Telephone Fundraisers This is working on behalf of charities, speaking to people who have already approached a charity. You will be ensuring that essential funds are raised so the charities can carry out their valuable work. As full training is given all you need is to be confident, with clear and engaging telephone voice. Previous telephone customer service experience would be useful, but is not essential. You need to be available for at least 4 shifts per week afternoons, evenings and weekends with 50% of the shifts to cover the weekends and evenings The rates are **** per hour. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment & Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group	Brighton, East Sussex	Brighton		contract	Sammons Group	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	6.57/hour	12614	cv-library.co.uk	0
58761	68689008	Strategic Retail Operations Manager	An opportunity has become available for a hugely ambitious and strategically driven Retail Operations Manager to take P L responsibility for delivering retail store performance alongside developing and implementing the very best retail practice, store side, for an impressive international brand. Direct responsibility for store management of this brand`s flagship stores alongside working closely with the retail trade marketing team to translate the brand power into retail partner stores and franchisee`s does need a Retail Operations Manager who has true vision and knows how to influence others. Additionally your remit will include managing the mobile retail store team, planning their presence at significant events to include expansion on an international platform. The power of the brand and the ambitious plans to take the brand to the next level on the high street makes this an attractive and exciting opportunity. This role in retail management offers the satisfaction to massively influence revenue results and brand impact working cross functionally with merchandising teams, store planning, trade marketing, product development and more. Developing and piloting cutting edge innovative initiatives thorough stores, inspirational leadership and motivational direction of a retail team, goes without saying for this opportunity as a Retail Operations Manager. If you are a `high flyer` within retail management, degree qualified with a track record of significantly making a difference to store performance on the retail high street, you will not be disappointed with this next step on your career ladder. Applications for this opportunity as a Strategic Retail Operations Manager are being managed through Additional Resource Ltd  The East Midlands Sales, Marketing and Customer Service Recruitment Specialist This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StrategicRetailOperationsManager_job****	Leicestershire East Midlands	Leicestershire		permanent	Additional Resource	Retail Jobs	40000 - substantial benefits	40000	totaljobs.com	0
44217	68508248	Cook	Experienced Cook urgently required for an 11 week temporary assignment for a day care centre in Eliburn area of Livingston. Applicants must be PVG cleared as you will be working with groups of vulnerable of people. This is a temporary position for 11 weeks but may extend on for longer. Applicants must be available to start on 28th January. Hours will be 8am  2pm Monday  Friday, **** hours/week Hourly pay rate will be **** per hour. Duties will include: Catering for up to **** individuals Preparation of meals Cooking meals according to menu plans Keeping kitchen clean and tidy Maintaining high levels of hygiene at all times Working as part of a small team Any other duties as required The following experience and qualifications required: Previous experience in a similar role PVG Clearance Food Hygiene certificate Please note applicants must be PVG cleared as you will be working with vulnerable groups of people. To apply call Tracy on [blocked telephone] or email your CV to [blocked email] Pertemps Scotland Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.	LIVINGSTON, WEST LOTHIAN	Livingston	part_time	contract	Pertemps Scotland	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	7.50 - 7.84 per hour	14726	fish4.co.uk	0
14784	66744233	Ductwork Fitters & Fitters Mates	We are recuiting on behalf of an employer who specialises in design, manufacturing and installation of ventilation. The employer is looking to recruit experienced Ductwork Fitter and Fitters Mates. Successful candidates will need to have a vaild CSCS card, IPAF and PASMA tickets as you will be working on a large construction site. Ductwork Fitters ****ph Fitters Mates ****ph These are full time positions, working Monday to Friday. You maybe required to work evenings and weekends, from time to time. PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU HAVE THE RELEVANT EXPERIENCE AND TICKETS. EMAIL CV TO debbie.rutherfordgra.co.uk CLOSING DATE 18TH JAN 2013	Glasgow	Glasgow	full_time		Glasgow Regeneration Agency	Trade & Construction Jobs	10.40 - 10.40 per hour	19968	Jobcentre Plus	0
197324	71839193	Software Developer	MCS Group is currently working with one of Belfast's growing software houses in their search for a bright, talented software developer to join their team. My client has an inhouse team of six developers which you would be working closely with. You would be expected to add to the design, analysis and development of current work and new up and coming projects. Within this varied role, you would be expected to work independently or as part of a team to liaise with new and existing clients, ensuring their business requirements are met by the design and build of software applications. As you will be part of a small nonhierarchical team, this will be a very hands on role in which you will be expected to input new ideas to the team and mentor other developers. The ideal candidate will have: Solid, indepth experience in .Net framework and SQL Server database design HTML(****) and CSS(****) (desirable) The ability to bring new ideas to an existing team and the interpersonal skills to communicate these well To speak in absolute confidence about this opportunity please contact Sean Devlin, Senior IT consultant at MCS Group on **** **** **** or send an up to date CV via the link provided. MCS Group is a specialist consultancy focusing on IT Engineering careers. If this position is not right for you, we may have others that are. Please visit www.mcsgroup.jobs to view a wide selection of our current jobs. To discuss your specific career ambitions, please do not hesitate to contact us on **** **** **** or alternatively just send your details and we will get in touch. All conversations will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Also, you can follow us on Twitter MCSGroupBelfast or join our Facebook page at MCSGroupNI for updates on the latest jobs and market information. Minimim Experience None	Belfast	Belfast		contract	ARRAY	HR & Recruitment Jobs	20000 - 30000	25000	recruitni.com	0
140346	70575505	Customer Admin Support Apprentice	This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a succesful online gaming compnay. Main responsibilties include: Inboud and outbound calls full training provided Dealing with customer enquiries telephone and emails Updating social media websites Opening amd creating accounts, Updating records Candidates must be friendly, confident, able to engage with customers and use own initiative. The right candidate should also be a good problem solver.	Sheffield	Sheffield			Source Recruitment Services	Admin Jobs	2.65 per hour	5088	MyUkJobs	0
232786	72479719	Lean Leader	Lean Leader Camberley ****k plus package Are you seeking a new challenge? Worked to get where you are? Now you need a company to keep you heading in the right direction. This world leader in the design, engineering and production of first class aircraft seating, working closely with the worlds major airplanes is expanding yearly and looking to recruit a Lean expert to join the team in its success. As a lean expert you will be part of a structured lean deployment programme that will impact the whole business. Main responsibilities will be Lean resourcing, developing lean knowledge and skills as well as facilitating problem solving such as Kaizen and value stream mapping. You will be the expert in understanding core lean tools and lean management, as well as supporting value stream mapping and delivering training and lead transformations. Due to the success of the business and importance of this position we are looking to speak with people who have lean experience, as well as continuous improvement experience you must be able to lead lean projects and standardization. Experience in manufacturing, engineering or design environments. Please send your full CV to cv_roshi_kers.co.uk or call Roshi on **** ****	Camberley	Camberley		permanent	Executive Recruitment Services	Manufacturing Jobs	40-50k	45000	jobsite.co.uk	1
2898	56292365	Sonographer	Sonographer  North West Regions Salary **** ****k ( Mobile Post ) We are currently recruiting for a Sonographer to join a Specialist Medical Imaging (SMI) team to cover the Manchester, Wirral, and Cheshire areas. Provide an excellent scanning service, optimising care standards for all patients. Undertake ultrasound examinations and provide diagnostic reports to assist in patient management. Support the Head of Ultrasound, Regional Clinical Lead and clinical colleagues To assist in the training and assessment of other staff, including Clinical Assistants. Seek guidance wherever necessary to ensure patient care is not compromised. HPC Registration (where appropriate) DMU or PgDip in Medical Ultrasound (ideally from a CASE accredited institution) or equivalent. Sonographers with only a PgC in (general) Ultrasound may be considered depending upon experience levels. Extensive clinical ultrasound experience. Ability to write reports independently. Evidence of Post Graduate education/CPD. Ability to work autonomously /take responsibility as well as a team player. Good communication skills. Applicants must have the right to work in the EU as we are unable to provide sponsorship or assistance. Employment subject to enhanced CRB check For more information please contact Martine Cohen at JS**** Recruitment on for a confidential chat. If you are responding directly to this position please attach your current CV and inform us of your current renumeration details and your availability for a Pre Screen / Telephone Interview.	Merseyside	Merseyside	full_time	permanent	JOBG8	Scientific & QA Jobs	Up to 53,000 per year + 45000.00-53000.00	53000	thecareerengineer.com	1
204466	71965749	Analytical Development Chemist	An opportunity has arisen for an Analytical Development Chemist to join this Pharmaceuticals manufacturer in London, specialising in Ophthalmic products Purpose of the Role To provide an analytical service for development samples and analytical method development work in the chemistry laboratory. Key Responsibilities To develop new and improved analytical methods. To undertake analytical method validation/verifications of new methods. To perform method transfers of stability and release methods. To undertake problem solving and troubleshooting on analytical methodology. To perform analytical testing on stability samples and interpret the results. To undertake cleaning validation activities To fill result sheet on conclusion of testing and raise noncompliance reports if results exceed specification limits. To comply with training procedures and keep abreast of updates to Standard Operating Procedures. To assist in the maintenance of Standard Operating Procedures so that they are updated to reflect current practices Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.	London	London			Reed Scientific	Scientific & QA Jobs	30000 - 35000 per annum	32500	access-sciencejobs.co.uk	0
136574	70333572	Volunteer Engagement Officer	The Rugby Football Union has a new full time permanent vacancy as a Volunteer Engagement Officer within the Club Development department. The Volunteer Engagement Officer will create and implement solutions to strengthen the 'offfield' volunteer workforce in clubs at level 3 and below. They will play a key role in providing topical guidance and support to clubs on all volunteering matters. The role holder will lead key volunteering programmes and proactively seek innovative opportunities to engage partners and staff in volunteering at rugby clubs. Key responsibilities will include: Contribute to the evolution of the volunteer development strategy to broaden recruitment, improve retention and develop new and innovative reward and recognition of volunteers, focusing in particular on ensuring the clubs are prepared for RWC 2015 Based on stakeholder feedback, develop innovative solutions, products and guidance to support clubs to make volunteering in rugby fun, effective and efficient, thereby retaining more volunteers Develop innovative training, support and guidance to the field staff in matters of club volunteering, retention and recruitment Collaboratively support a regional network of staff and volunteers through which guidance and support can be routed to clubs Transfer knowledge and best practice from bodies such as Volunteer England, Sport England, SSP for Volunteering and other agencies to improve club volunteering. To succeed in this role, you will demonstrate recent and relevant experience in: Developing and implementing volunteering strategies at local or regional levels Delivering training to staff and volunteers 'Off field' club development and volunteering You will also have a practical understanding of the local sporting landscape in England, with demonstrable experience of sport development and support provision. The successful applicant will be educated to a minimum A'level standard and hold a current driving licence with no more than **** points. You will be highly selfmotivated and able to work under your own direction to achieve stated objectives within the necessary timescales. You must also demonstrate strong organisational skills, high attention to detail and experience developing and maintaining relationships and partnerships internally and externally, with the ability to influence upwards and with peers.	Field based	UK	full_time		Rugby Football Union	Other/General Jobs	c35,000 per annum with car	35000	uksport.gov.uk	0
212304	72229848	Product Marketing Manager	This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well respected and highly successful B2B organisation based in Herts. The ideal candidate will come from a previous B2B product marketing role preferably from the software, IT or technology sectors. This role will be most suited to analytical candidates who have had a good amount of exposure within established technical product lines. The chosen candidate will be an established marketer already competent with all aspects of the marketing mix and will have had interaction with both online and offline campaigns. It is preferable that the candidate comes from a previous role within a blue chip company as the candidate will be joining an established marketing team. This role will be very broad, giving you an opportunity to interact with campaigns and product management across the whole company group. A self starter will be required for this post as there will be a good amount of project based working on specific tasks, many of these will be research based, offering the opportunity to build on personal findings within the market. Man management experience is preferable but not essential. With offices worldwide this is a great opportunity for an already confident marketer to take their next step into a truly innovative and exciting company to work for. This position is commutable from St Albans, Watford, Luton, Hemel Hempstead, Leighton Buzzard, Chesham, Amersham, Tring, Borehamwood, Potters Bar and Northwest London. Follow BrandJobs on Twitter to hear about all of our latest jobs. Brand Recruitment offers the services of an employment agency for permanent work. Visit Brand Recruitment online to apply for other key marketing opportunities in the East of England. If you have not heard back from us within seven days please assume that your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductMarketingManager_job****	St. Albans Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Brand Recruitment	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	50000 per annum + benefits	50000	totaljobs.com	1
221834	72385319	Digital Director  ****k Digital Media	Digital Director  ****k Digital Media Be the strategic digital lead in charge of a team. DR Experience a plus Digital Strategy, Thought Leadership and Planning Full Service agency Digital Director Role: The Digital Director will be the strategic digital lead in charge of a team. Work closely with the client. Deliver digital thought leadership and strategy. Developing deeper Brand experiences Mentor and Develop the team. Key Digital Director Responsibilities Deliver thought leadership and strategy on all digital aspects of client business Work with the Client Director to develop clients' business and our digital offering to them Inspire and Mentor the digital planners. The Media Agency: Seen as leaders in digital media and are continuing to invest in our service and technology to stay ahead of the game. We also deliver Creative and Production Services. Who we are looking for Significant experience of working with digital media. We're looking for someone who has a passion for interesting and varied digital work The ideal Digital Director will be a broad thinker who isn't afraid to get their hands dirty, selfstarting, imaginative and have the ability to see projects through to the end and work to outlined processed and practices that clients have in place. Key Digital Director experience & skills Ideal candidate will have substantial DR digital experience across the digital landscape (Search/Display/Affiliates/Mobile/DSP's/Social Media), and best practice for data and reporting A strong working relationship with Google and knows how to work with them Abundance of client facing experience and skills, as well as being a confident client handler and public speaker. Ambitious, fun with a 'work hard play hard' attitude. The team is highly ambitious, and very focused on both our existing clients but also on participating in and winning new business. So apply now to take that senior step up	London, England	London				PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	50000 - 55000 per annum + Great Benefits!	52500	onlymarketingjobs.com	1
17069	66907004	Systems Engineer	Systems Engineer required to provide both BAU systems support and also responsible for implementing new projects across the IT estate. You will come from a technical support and/or project based support background and have experience of any of the following XP/Windows 7, Internet Explorer, Exchange, Instant Messaging/LYNC, Video Conferencing, Blackberry, MS Office, Security/Firewalls, VOIP,VMare/VMView, SAN, File Print services, Mac s, Fixed line telephony/Mobile, Wireless, SCCM, Autonomy EAS (email Archiving), HP Client Automation Tool, SharePoint. You will be happy troubleshooting faults as well as specifying new projects to internal teams or 3rd parties for delivery and providing the handson technical engineering where necessary. You MUST have excellent clear, communication skills, be confident and have natural leadership traits. This is an outstanding job opportunity, with substantial career development/acceleration plan with one of the UK s largest employers. User base of ****k 	London	London		permanent	Advento Staffing Limited	IT Jobs	50k-60k + bonus benefits	55000	jobsite.co.uk	1
18955	67081276	Workshop Controller, Cornwall, Motor Trade Job	Automotive, Motor Trade Job: Workshop Controller required in Cornwall. Salary: **** Basic, OTE **** Term: Full Time, Permanent Motor Trade Jobs / Automotive Vacancies: Automotive Workshop Controller required in Cornwall. Our Client, an Automotive Commercial Dealer in the Cornwall area, is currently looking to hire a Workshop Foreman for their busy branch. You will ideally live within the Cornwall area or be able to travel to the Cornwall area and have a working experience of Workshop Control. Our Client offers a fantastic salary package which will be negotiable DOE. This vacancy is based in Cornwall and our Client is looking would ideally want an experienced Workshop Foreman who can be hands on if needs be. My client will look at someone who comes from a solid working history working on HGV's/LCV'S/Commercial Vehicles looking to progress or an experienced Workshop Controller but ideally this client wants someone with recent experience in Workshop control. Workshop controllers/Workshop Foreman would be the ideal candidate for this role. To apply please send your CV to Carly Stanforth, quoting J**** Workshop Controller, Cornwall. Please remember to add your home phone number, mobile number, email address and full address to your CV. If this information is missing it slows down our process and may result in us not being able to contact you. Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** (and amendments). Copyright  Perfect Placement UK Limited 2012. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited's prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions. Please contact our office on **** **** **** if you wish to discuss this copyright.	Bodmin	Bodmin			Perfect Placement	Trade & Construction Jobs	23500 per annum + OTE 26,000	24750	MyUkJobs	0
227265	72443884	Service Delivery Manager ITIL	Service Delivery Manager ITIL Location: Milton Keynes Salary: ****  **** An excellent opportunity has arisen within a leading technology provider for a Service Delivery Manager in Milton Keynes. The successful Service Delivery Manager will perform a critical role in taking responsibility for the delivery of all contracted services to their allocated clients, especially SLA's to achieve the intended business outcomes for the client. Responsibilities: Owning operational relationship between internal and client organisations, acting as prime interface Customerfacing Ensuring a coordinated and appropriate level of service is provided to the client including management against SLA. Managing the commercial expectations of the client Tactical management of operations, including matrixmanagement of internal teams (Field and Helpdesk) Management of client relations in both positive and negative service delivery scenarios Provision of timely responses to client escalations Skills and Competencies: Proven record of management of medium/largescale contracts in managed service environment with responsibility for client relationships Experience running an inhouse or outsourced service (including Field support and helpdesk) A good solid understanding and working knowledge of helpdesk tools and core management systems. Very strong influencing, problem solving and negotiation skills Excellent verbal and written communication Service Delivery Manager ITIL Location: Milton Keynes Salary: ****  **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceDeliveryManagerITIL_job****	Milton Keynes Buckinghamshire South East	Milton Keynes		permanent	Heat Recruitment	IT Jobs	From 33,000 to 38,000 per annum	35500	totaljobs.com	0
74502	68999985	Telesales Executive	Our client, a leading name within the publishing industry, is seeking two experienced telesales professionals to join their vibrant team based in Burton upon Trent. Reporting directly into the Sales Manager the successful candidate will be responsible for increasing sales and revenue through both new business sales and excellent account management. Day to day duties will include: Sales Calls, Identifying Sales Pipelines & Lead Generation, Developing Customer Relations The ideal candidate will have previous experience within a similar role and be target driven. The candidate will be professional, self motivated, enthusiastic and creative. A good understanding of the internet would be distinctly advantageous. In return our client offers a competitive bonus scheme, onsite parking and genuine progression within this dynamic and growing company	Burton-On-Trent, Staffordshire	Burton-On-Trent		permanent	Stafforce Recruitment	Sales Jobs	14000 - 16000/annum bonus	15000	cv-library.co.uk	0
18633	67022107	Brand Manager	This is a great job for a first class junior brand strategist/marketer looking for a new challenge in a top flight entrepreneurial business. Working to exploit consumer trends and opportunities for new brands, you'll need exceptional project management and commercial consumer skills to manage new launches and also be able to work with qualitative data to help develop compelling marketing and brand propositions. Excellent academics are essential.	London	London		permanent		PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	30k - 40k	35000	simplymarketingjobs.co.uk	0
122084	69935312	Senior Business Development Executive	Senior Business Development Executive  Up to ****k This large international law firm based in the heart of the city are looking for an intelligent and enthusiastic Business Development Senior Executive to join an busy and demanding practise to play a key role in supporting the firm s plans moving forward. The role will play a key part in providing support for pitch documentation and key client activity including research, planning and implementation of those plans. The role will work closely with senior BD colleagues and relevant partners in raising the firm s profile both with new and existing clients. A minimum three years experience in a professional services business development role is essential for this position which will provide targeting and crossselling support to all members of the practise. Knowledge of the pitch process and key client accounts will be beneficial for all applicants as will experience working within a partnership environment. If you are an energetic and committed business developer within a professional services firm who has a proactive approach to work, apply now or contact Carly Challinger quoting reference ****CC. This is only one of the Business Development roles we are currently recruiting on, many of which aren t advertised. We recruit at all levels from Business Development Administrators to Directors, and across all specialism s from generalist Business Development to pitching, PR and marketing communications. So if you are currently looking for a new opportunity or you know someone who is, please do not hesitate to contact me for an informal discussion on potential roles and opportunities in the market currently.	City of London	The City		permanent	GR Law	Legal Jobs	40000 - 45000 per annum + benefits	42500	legalweekjobs.com	0
52732	68671255	Recruitment Consultant / Snr Recruitment Consultant  Manchester	Recruitment Consultant  Manchester Salary: ****  **** per annum  uncapped commission scheme Job type: Permanent As global experts in specialist recruitment, my client is currently looking for talented and experienced recruitment consultants / senior consultants and business managers who can help them to power the world of work. Currently looking to grow the Manchester office within a number of specialist recruitment divisions. This is a fast paced, busy environment with some highly experienced and successful recruitment consultants  you will be joining an award winning and highly passionate team of people. They cover a large geographical location so your clients will be diverse and interesting. They will invest in developing your recruiting expertise at all stages of your career through a first class learning and development programme designed to develop your skills and knowledge. You will be given every opportunity to reach your potential. With an office network throughout the UK and 33 countries overseas, you will have every opportunity to further your career and fulfil your potential to transform lives and businesses. On offer: Recruitment Consultant, Senior Recruitment Consultant  ****  **** basic salary depending on experience and lucrative uncapped commission scheme upto 30%. Benefit package to include pension and medical. Career development opportunities, including team or business management or onsite recruitment. Outstanding inhouse training with our Learning Development team. Opportunities to transfer overseas to offices in Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Far East. Extensive benefits package. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantSnrRecruitmentConsultantManchester_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		permanent	Halcyon Resourcing	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 22,000 to 30,000 per annum Commission (to30%) Pension, Medical	26000	totaljobs.com	0
205645	72118077	Technical Sales Engineer	Technical Sales Engineer is required for my client who designs and manufactures high value technical solutions for a cross section of different industries around the world. From small to large blue chips in aerospace, automotive, science, research and development and several others. Based on current expansion plans in a very difficult economy my client now has an opening for a Technical Sales and Marketing Engineer. The Opportunity: Technical Sales Engineer you will contribute to the commercial strategy of the business along with account management of both existing and new customers, any experience or background of working in high tech environment would be advantageous although is not a prerequisite. You will be expected to deal with a variety of industries provide support to the sales, service and marketing teams which will include both research and special projects when required. Working alongside a dedicated and exciting sales team identifying new prospects this role requires a dedicated organized professional who wants to achieve in an exciting environment working alongside some very talented people. The company is open and friendly where staff development and knowledge sharing are encouraged everybody works hard to achieve critical project deadlines on time but are flexible with working hours to support a good worklife balance The Candidate: You will have a strong background technical sales and engineering a degree or equivalent although pervious relevant experience in industry will take priority, along with any experience of selling to foreign or overseas nationalities. This role comes with attractive package good base salary with a bonus & commission plan and the opportunity to grow with high tech company	South West London, London	South West London		permanent	Rec Solutions.Com	Manufacturing Jobs	30000 - 40000/annum Commission, Perks, Benefits Reloca	35000	cv-library.co.uk	0
207889	72132704	Software Developer	Software Developer  ****  **** depending on experience. Our client, who are a reputable company and are a leader within the design of PC Oscilloscopes along with data acquisition, currently have an exciting opportunity that has arisen in there office which is located on the outskirts of Cambridge. They are looking to recruit a development engineer due to company expansion, who is passionate and experienced within Windows desktop application. The company thrives on a highly enjoyable, fun and friendly working environment that people want to work within. The engineer's role will be to develop user interfaces for the company's existing and future generation of high performance oscilloscopes, data loggers and automotive diagnostic products. The ideal candidate will be from an engineering background and have either an engineering degree, equivalent qualification or work experience. My client is also looking for someone with design experience in multi threaded real time applications on Windows platforms and experience in developing user interfaces. A technical background and C.Net development using Microsoft visual studio would be ideal. This vacancy offers an attractive salary of up to **** per annum, along with a friendly, enjoyable working environment. Also 23 days for holiday per annum is on offer, with this rising with loyalty, as well as a profit related annual bonus scheme. Regular reviews and progression is high up on the agenda for my client also. A great opportunity, where the client believe the person fit is as important as the experience. Desired Skills & Experience Key skills and experience:   Engineering Degree or equivalent, or work experience.  Design experience in multi threaded real time applications on Windows platforms.  Experience in developing user interfaces.  C++ and C.Net development using Microsoft visual studio.  Technical Background.  Experience in developing software for data capture and graphical display.  Mathematical functions for post processing of data (filtering).  Device driver development.  An understanding or experience in automotive diagnostics.  Electronics background. If you are interested in this vacancy, please contact Matthew Prior via email at matthew.priormanpower.co.uk or on **** ****	Cambridge	Cambridge			Manpower Cambridge	Engineering Jobs	25000 - 45000 per annum	35000	MyUkJobs	0
237183	72578309	Application Delivery Team Lead	We are looking for a talented individual to join our Well Known client based South of London. This is a great opportunity to join a fast growing department within a household name leader in their field. Purpose of Role: Leads a development team delivering project, business technical change in line with Technology Strategy and Operational Principles, ensuring agreed time, cost quality criteria are met. Key Accountabilities: Business Delivery Accountable for the daytoday delivery of applications development undertaken by their team, within agreed time, cost and quality criteria, to achieve the desired result: Works with other application teams to achieve an endtoend delivery Plans proposed future projects from a resourcing and activity perspective, and provides SME input in predelivery stages (prePGDF Gate ****) to assist with shaping and planning the future project. Proactively manages own workstream's risks and dependencies and if all else fails manages workstream recoveries. Strategy Ensure delivered solutions are commercially viable; meet operational principles and standards; adhere to the agreed architectural strategy and highlevel solution designs; and provide a solution which is supportable, enduring and minimises future development costs. Ensure continuous improvement within their team, embedding a culture which challenges inefficient activities and proactively looking for areas of improvement which support business or technology change. Capacity Capability Develop team capacity/capability in line with the overall platform vision, sourcing strategy and the Strategic Investment Plan. Manage resource assignments for projects, including managing the interface with 3rd parties, ensuring key skills are retained and intellectual property is enduring. Risk and Control Promote and proactively support a culture of robust (project and departmental) risk assessment/mitigation, and assure that solutions meet operating principles, in order to protect the Business, whilst continuing to deliver change. Stakeholder Management Represent Development Services, while fostering and maintaining customer relationships. Empower team members to do the same, ensuring these partnerships are acknowledged as valueadd, collaborative and inclusive, with internal/external stakeholders and customers. People Management Create an engaged team who are collaborative, authoritative, respected across BTS and are seen to contribute to business growth. Manage staff through: Talent management that ensures the assignment of work/learning opportunities to meet the needs of both the organisation and the individual. Fair, consistent and transparent performance management Appropriate adherence to line management policies and controls. Effective communication that engages staff and encourages them to maximise their value add. Due to the volume of applications received for positions it will not be possible to respond to all applications and only applicants who are considered suitable for interview will be contacted. Proactive Appointments Limited operates as an employment agency and employment business and is an equal opportunities organisation.	Surrey	Surrey		permanent	Proactive Appointments	IT Jobs	45000.00 - 50000.00 GBP Annual	47500	jobserve.com	1
235284	72541653	Education Welfare Support Officer  Chelmsford	Education Welfare Support Officer  Chelmsford Fixed Term until ****/****/2014 Part Time  approximately **** hours (can be worked over 35days) Salary: **** to **** pro rata To work within the Education Welfare Service, ensuring effective processing of penalty notices, work permits, entertainment and chaperone licences, maintaining comprehensive database and providing Service Managers with analysis reports in order to support the development of an outstanding service which champions the rights of young people. Provide advice to customer users, liaising closely with quadrant staff, working in a flexible manner Communicate clearly, both internally and externally, in order to ensure that the local authority s and Schools, Children and Families Directorate s, views and achievements are more widely understood; Undertake such duties as may be required from time to time that are appropriate to the band; Willingness and flexibility to adapt routine to work outside normal working hours to attend work related meetings/activities as necessary; The duties of the post may be changed and/or varied to meet different circumstances at the discretion of theCountyManager, Education Welfare Service, School Attendance and Child Employment. Essex County Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults, and expects all employees and volunteers to share this commitment. Our aim is to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications, regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, age or religion or belief. All applications will be considered solely on merit. Essex County Council are proud to offer an excellent benefits package to all of our employees. This includes: A Local Government pension scheme. Interest free bus & rail season ticket loans, ****  **** as well as pool bikes & a car sharing scheme. Access to the key worker housing scheme. Childcare voucher scheme. Excellent opportunities for personal & professional development through our specialist L&D teams. Extensive induction programmes. At least 22 days annual leave  **** bank holiday days (rising to 29 days dependant on grade & length of service). A sports & social club at County Hall, Chelmsford. Continued service benefits. Staff discounts in gyms / travel agents / car sales / restaurants & days out. Please visit (url removed) for a full list of benefits of working for Essex County Council Working for Essex welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Working for Essex is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us	Chelmsford, Essex	Chelmsford	part_time		Capita Resourcing	Social work Jobs	16830 - 21519/annum	19174	cv-library.co.uk	0
93457	69190178	Personnel Assistants	This post will require an experienced individual with specilised secretory skill to assist company ss on their daily working schedules. You should be act as a first point of contact of company directors for internal management team members and external medias, clients and suppliers. You should also arrange appointments, travel scheduel and reservation for company directors whenever needed. Moreover, you must have excellent communication skills, advanced office software literacy, bilingual skill in English and Mandarine speaking and writing in order to translate documents and to liaise with overseas clients and suppliers. Working Hours: **** hours/week (Full Time) Working Location: Wimbledon Advertising Period: 31 December 2012 to 28 January 2013 Advertiser Company Name: JUQ Investment (UK) Limited	London	London	full_time	permanent		Consultancy Jobs	18,000-22,000	20000	fish4.co.uk	0
220367	72353082	Plumber	Our client is looking for a qualified Plumber to carry out work on a large residential flats and refurbishment projects and also on domestic houses. Applicants must hold NVQ or equivalent in plumbing level 2 or **** to apply send CV to terry at sbsplumbers AT live.co.uk	london	London	full_time			Trade & Construction Jobs	11.91 - 20.35 per hour	30969	Jobcentre Plus	0
176243	71468416	Drupal Developer (Drupal, HTML, MySQL) London  ****K	Drupal Developer (Drupal, HTML, MySQL, Linux and CSS)  London ****K The Opportunity: Drupal Developer (Drupal, HTML, MySQL, Linux and CSS) – My client a leading publishing organisation based in centralLondonare currently looking for a number of Drupal Developer (Drupal, HTML, MySQL, Linux and CSS) to join an established Development department with a new Drupal team. The successful Drupal Developer (Drupal, HTML, MySQL, Linux and CSS) candidate will get the chance to work on some very interesting and new projects ranging from complete green fields development through to website improvement. We are looking for driven developers with a passion for the work that they do. If you have 2 years of good Drupal experience you could be eligible. If you have come from a UI or PHP background and have in the last 2 years moved into Drupal that would be ideal. The Scope: The successful Drupal Developer should have most of the following skills:  Strong Drupal Configuration  Strong Drupal Development  Strong General Web Dev  PHP**** SQL, DOM  Strong Drupal Theming Experience  Advanced CSS and JQuery, ****gs, Fusion, Managing Multiple custom TPLs, Theming Panels and Views  Linux/ Unix familiarity  MySQL Database management  Version control systems (SVN Mandatory, Git and others desirable)  Web site creation and administration Location:Central London Salary: Up to ****  benefits package There is a more junior version of this position available so if you have any commercial experience and would be interested in developing you skill set in that area then please give me a call on [blocked]. If you're interested, please send your CV through to Nick Bray (n.bray progressiverecruitment.com) and call on [blocked].To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com	London London England	London			Progressive Recruitment	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	35000 -45000 per annum	40000	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
238909	72626597	Linux Systems Engineer, Cloud, Puppet	Linux Systems Engineer, Cloud, Puppet, ONLINE GAMING, London, ****K ****K Linux Systems Engineer, Ubuntu, Puppet, Cloud, AWS, EC**** Ruby A Linux / Ubuntu Systems Engineer is wanted by Linux Systems Engineer, Cloud, Puppet, ONLINE GAMING, London, ****K ****K Linux Systems Engineer, Ubuntu, Puppet, Cloud, AWS, EC**** Ruby A Linux / Ubuntu Systems Engineer is wanted by a major online gaming giant, they are a successful and growing technology team with a large Linux function. The successful Linux engineer will be responsible for ensuring all systems and servers are performing to an optimum including over **** servers, both physical, virtual and cloud based being managed by Puppet. Essential: 3 years  experience with Linux servers Ubuntu, Redhat, CentOS, Debian, Fedora Virtualization experience Cloud, EC**** AWS Managing server using automation tools puppet and fabric Running scripts with Ruby Excellent communication This position is really suited to a hungry individual wanted to be involved in some of the most exciting technologies available at the minute within a growing online company Linux, Puppet, Ubuntu, Ruby, Virtual, Amazon, EC**** Cloud	UK London	London		permanent	Monarch Recruitment Limited	IT Jobs	35000 to 50000 Per: annum	42500	careers4a.com	0
61793	68697075	Vehicle Purchaser / Car Sales	Vehicle Purchaser / Car Sales Crewe ****  Bonus  ****k OTE Year **** Summary : This is a challenging, exciting and rewarding opportunity to work for the UK’s leading car buying service as a Vehicle Purchaser, managing your own branch as if it were your own business. With a basic salary of **** and an open ended bonus structure that offers a genuine **** OTE in year **** this role is perfect for confident, outgoing business minded people who can build rapport with customers and have the discipline and focus to run their own branch effectively. PLEASE NOTE; experience of working in the automotive industry is not essential as comprehensive training is provided. The Company : As the leading player in the UK car buying and remarketing industry, this business is clearly recognisable by its distinctive and powerful branding. Established 6 years ago with the objective of becoming the ‘third way’ for customers who are looking to sell their car quickly, safety and easily, they are an ambitious business with a growing presence across the UK. The Role : This role has two remits; Firstly, as the name suggests, you will be responsible for purchasing vehicles directly from customers who initially make an enquiry online. Following an introductory telephone call from you in which you build an initial relationship with them, you will then meet the customer at your branch where you will inspect their vehicle and then, using your excellent customer service skills, work with your customer to buy their car. Secondly, you will be directly responsible for the effective and professional management of your branch, managing and prioritising your own workload and diary and ensuring that you deliver a first class customer experience to each and every customer. The Vehicle Purchaser will also take responsibility for proactively seeking out and generating new customers for your branch. PLEASE NOTE; experience of working in the automotive industry is not essential as comprehensive training is provided. You : This is a challenging role in which it will feel like you are almost running your own business We are therefore looking for people who first and foremost have the confidence, discipline, drive and determination to own and manage their own branch – people who have the selfmotivation and the hunger to achieve and succeed in great business. Whilst automotive experience is not essential, it IS essential that you have worked within a customer focused environment and that you have strong rapport building and customer service skills as you will need to engage with your customers in order to get them to want to sell their vehicle to you. It is also very important that you are process driven, are good with numbers and have a high level of mental agility as you will be required to process lots of information quickly and think on your feet. Whilst you will be supported by your Area Manager, you must also be comfortable working on your own. Salary : **** basic  Bonus: Year **** OTE  **** with Top Performers earning **** Hours : 5 days in 7 to include every Saturday and Sunday. Weekdays: 10am – 7pm, Saturday 9am – 5:30pm, Sunday 10am – 5pm. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VehiclePurchaserCarSales_job****	Crewe, Cheshire Cheshire North West	Crewe		permanent	Assured Recruitment Solutions	Sales Jobs	15.5k per year + bonus,benefits (32k OTE)	23750	totaljobs.com	0
199358	71850735	Digital Content Executive	We are looking for a Digital Content Executive to work in our busy Marketing department.We need a key individual within the digital team to develop and enhance our online content to enhance the experience for website visitors and deliver business objectives Role Summary: We are looking for a digital content executive who is passionate about websites. With strong copywriting skills, you will support our digital activities through generating engaging content. In addition you will support the team in maintaining and developing our websites by using a mix of customer insight and information supplied through web analytics. You must have a high level of enthusiasm and overall knowledge for digital marketing. The ideal candidate will have the appetite, desire and drive to keep pace with changes in the online environment and be able to integrate these into their role and the wider business. The successful person will be responsible for **** different areas of content management for the sites. Firstly they will maintain and implement site changes using our content management system, and secondly, to work with our external agencies and our internal web development team to coordinate and implement any new site developments as required, and carry out thorough user acceptance testing. Main duties of this position:  To look after the content, look, feel and functionality for our websites, developing new content in line with what our customers want.  Implement CMS changes to the websites and will also work with our internal web development team for any larger implementations, ensuring timescales are met.  Create and implement detailed user acceptance testing to ensure the high standards of content and functionality within the website is maintained.  Support SEO social campaigning by writing relevant content for publication.  Use web analysis to gain insight into web site performance and drive profitable customer recruitment through optimising on site customer journeys and integrating the site with campaign journeys.  Work with our digital agencies to discover and translate our requirements and bring them to life Knowledge, skills and attitude:  Experience in a digital marketing, specifically a content/communications role  Possess good written and verbal communication skills. Excellent attention to detail and the ability to manage several projects simultaneously is essential.  The ability to work under own initiative, within tight deadlines and budget constraints.  Be a good team player with strong motivation and initiative to make projects happen.  An understanding of Marketing and digital KPIs (cost per lead, sales, click through rates) is desirable  Ability to ensure changes are delivered on time to a high level of quality to meet business KPIs  Proven ability to build and maintain relationships with agencies and internal key stakeholders  Numerate with skills to interpret information to make decisions online.  Have the appropriate Microsoft office skills, (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalContentExecutive_job****	Bradford West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Bradford		permanent	Provident Financial Management Services	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	From 20,000 to 25,000 per annum	22500	totaljobs.com	0
51234	68635350	New Business Administrator	 Expanding business, generating record figures Long term growth sector within Financial Services Employer that promotes staff developmentThe Company: Our client has grown to over **** staff and they are looking to expand to **** as the market they focus on goes from strength to strength. This market will perform strongly for many years to come as people retire without enough pension provision. Our client focuses on three product lines and are the number one provider in two of those and number five in the other, out of dozens of competitors.The Role: This is a great opportunity for someone with minimal administrative experience to get a foothold within one of the financial services sectors most buoyant companies. Our client focuses on two product areas in particular, with this role concentrating on the annuity market. The main purposes of the role include: Delivering a quality business processing service to external and internal customers. Delivery of customer service will be managed against key measures which include, speed of response, approach to customer, process administration and development plans.The main objectives of the job include: Providing a firstclass customer service, in line with the required delivery levels. Processing all administrative tasks relating to live policies within service standards. Ensuring new Applications are processed in an effective/professional manner. Effectively handle all progress and information enquiries by telephone.Skills / Experience Required: The requirements are that you have gained some sound administrative or customer service experience within financial services, general insurance or banking, possibly a complaints background and have strong organisational and communication skills. There is a minimum requirement of GCSE grade C for Mathematics English for those with relevant industry experience. Our client will also consider RECENT GRADUATES for these openings, ideally those with a 1st or 2.1 degree, a drive to succeed and something about you that stands out from the crowd.Additional Information: The salary ranges from	Surrey - Reigate	Reigate	full_time	permanent	CVbrowser	Customer Services Jobs	18600 - 22000	20300	cvbrowser.com	0
235566	72546345	Compuware Service Reporting Consultant	Compuware Service Reporting Consultant Global IT Defence company are looking for a Compuware Service Reporting Consultant for a 12 month contract based in Hook. The Service Reporting Consultant will aid in the replacement of the current service management tool (Compuware VSM v****) with Compuware BSM v**** ensuring full integration and data capture is achieved. You must be eligible for security clearance. Essential Skills:  Experience of the Compuware VSM or BSM Service Reporting tool;  Solutions Architecture in complex environments  Detailed design engineering  Information Assurance of Government IT systems  Leadership skills  Ability to communicate at all levels, technical and commercial  Previous Defence experience in delivering multiple and complex Projects  Strong motivational, negotiation and mediation skills  Strong presentational skills to board level  Resource and team management  Project Management, planning and coordination  Risk and Issue Management  Vendor Management  Ability to obtain SC clearance Relevant technologies including: Windows, SAN, Data Centre, networking, HTML, XML/XSL, XPath, Citrix, JavaScript, Security, CA Service Desk, CA Service Catalogue, CA ITCM, Asset Management, Tibco Middleware, CA CMDB, HP UCMDB, HP UCMDB Configuration Manager Veritas, Virtualisation and HP BSM, MS T SQL, Sanctuary, Active Directory, Radia, Netcool and Enterprise Directory Responsibilities to include:  Installation of the Service Reporting software in test harness;  Aid in the production of the High level design;  Analyse Subsystem features  Decompose subsystem design into Components;  Aid in the Detailed Design Phase:  Harden Service Reporting software in test harness;  Configure Service Reporting software in Test Harness;  Populate Common Design Artefacts;  Produce Evidence Statements and Subsystem Test Scripts;  Execute Subsystem Test Plan;  Build the Release  Aid in the Integration Test;  Aid in the System test and verification. More general responsibilities include: Provision of support (Subject Matter Expertise) to ATLAS staff at all levels as required. Working closely with Capability Lines and Service Lines to provide Key customer interface support	Hook, Hampshire	Hook		contract	CBSbutler	IT Jobs	350 - 400/day	90000	cv-library.co.uk	1
20808	67244658	Business Analyst (Insurance)	Business Analyst (Insurance) My client is a leading Consultancy with a strong presence in the Insurance domain is currently seeking a Business Analyst to join their Client Business Analysis teams in London. They are offering a fantastic opportunity to join a growing consultancy. Your responsibilities as the Business Analyst will include: Leading / assisting with numerous projects covering whole project lifecycle, developing business solution proposals and recommending resolutions on a cost / benefit basis Providing support and building strong relationships throughout the company as a recognised letter expert Task managing staff ensuring that their tasks are carried out successfully, accurately and to project timescales Raising and actively managing project risks and issues, enabling any potential problems to be dealt with in a timely manner Training and supporting staff in outputs related matters, ensuring that they are capable of producing specification documents to a high and consistent standard Liaising with various departments across the company regarding initiatives to roll out new company brand Managing change through project change control processes Providing support and expertise to other projects Producing project scoping documents defining objectives and deliverables, enabling the IT department to build the requirements Chairing regular internal and external meetings with key stakeholders, ensuring that all relevant parties are well informed and engaged with the project objectives Maintaining project plans, monitoring key milestones dates and ensuring projects are on track Planning and carrying out user acceptance testing of new and amended system functionality enabling the changes to be implemented If you have experience in the above and a strong domain knowledge in Insurance then we want to hear from you. The client is interviewing immediately so please don't delay in sending through a copy of your CV to joe.millarselecture.co.uk Position: Permanent Location: London Salary: Up to **** Selecture is an executive search and recruitment firm with an awardwinning heritage since **** in placing Transformation leaders , Consultants and Technologists into global management consultancies, technology firms, strategy houses, boutique firms and into large Corporates. Our Technology practice focuses on recruiting technology leaders and their teams in Applications, Infrastructure, ERP, Business Intelligence, Cloud, Project and Programme management, required by Consultancies, IT Services firms and Corporates. Selecture Global teams cover UK Ireland; Germany, Austria Switzerland; Nordics; France Benelux; Middle East; North America; Russia CIS; Africa Australasia, from our 'hub' offices in London, Moscow, Lagos and Melbourne. Our Approach is consultative, whereby we provide our clients with an overview of the market, key trends, salary benchmarks and availability of niche skills.	London	London		permanent		IT Jobs	50000 - 55000 per annum + package	52500	theitjobboard.co.uk	1
148343	70760204	Customer Service Administrator 6am2pm/2pm10pm	Hours: Monday to Friday 6am2pm/ 2pm10pm Pay rate: **** per hour Customer Service Administrator The Company Our client is a leading UK retailer. They are looking to add **** experienced administrator/ Customer service advisors to their team. This is an exciting opportunity to join a forward thinking and progressive company in a friendly and busy environment. Customer Service Administrator The Role As a customer service administrator your main roles and responsibilities will include: Answering incoming emails from customers regarding order queries Responding to complaints from customers via email Resolving any after sales issues Database management Working through **** emails per day Taking and processing payments for orders Organising the return of goods Customer Service Administrator The Candidate The successful candidate will have the following skills, qualities and attributes Experience of working within a retail environment is desirable Previous administration experience is necessary Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Computer literate Reliable, hard working, dedicated Previous customer service experience Proactive attitude Ability to work on own initiative and equally as well in a team Must be flexible to work evenings and weekends Keen eye for detail with accurate responses. Responsible, conscientious and meticulous Keywords Customer Service Administrator Call Centre Contact Centre Retail Fashion Administration Data Entry	Manchester, North West	Manchester		contract	HEADS Recruitment Limited	Customer Services Jobs	6.66/hour	12787	cv-library.co.uk	0
149172	70762202	Team Leader Fire Trainer  London	Do you have a background in Real Fire behaviour and breathing apparatus? Have you led a team? Do you have a training background in fire training? Do you have a background in delivering training to large and small groups? Do you have assessing experience? If you have answered yes to all of the above then please read on. Your responsibilities will be but not limited to the following: Line Manager of Senior Instructors, ensure high standards of delivery are achieved and seek continuous improvement Face to face delivery of training to small and large groups of learners. Line Manager for Senior Instructors and ensuring their competence to deliver training by complying with the Fit To Train policy. Setting high standards and acting as coach and mentor to Senior Instructors and developing and monitoring their personal development plans. Providing feedback on performance. Verification of trainers performance and PDP s Quality Control and ensuring that training is delivered in a safe and professional manner in accordance with the course materials and risk assessments. Confidentially and sensitively dealing with any welfare issues. Assessing learner and trainer performance, recording results and providing feedback and action plans. Managing physical training resources including venues, vehicles & equipment, ensuring security & suitability. Ensuring completion of course administration and other reports, including: learner attendance and nonattendance, assessment of performance, action plans, evaluation records, course summaries and similar. Providing advice and support as SME to Design Team and leading miscellaneous projects as required. Key Behavioural Competencies Apply now You must have the following to apply: Fire Service Knowledge  An understanding of Fire Service funding arrangements and government structures that oversee Fire Services training in the UK. A sound understanding of the Training Partnership Attained the appropriate technical qualifications (FBTI, BAI). Attained or working towards a recognised teaching qualification e.g. Certificate in Teaching in the Lifelong Learning Sector (PTLLS) Attained or working towards a recognised assessor qualification e.g. A**** NVQ Award in Level 3 Assessing Learners. Confident manner, organised and adaptable Good communicator Effective coaching skills Ability to give constructive feedback Natural ability to empathise with others Effective team worker Ability to analyse and solve problems Excellent presentation and facilitation skills  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business	City of London, London	The City		permanent	Fusion People Ltd	Teaching Jobs	40000/annum holidays, pension etc	40000	cv-library.co.uk	0
182989	71619558	 NATIONAL PR OFFICER  FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY	This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well known national children s health charity based in their London office. You will be an experienced PR professional with (ideally) a knowledge of: Media	Greater London	London		permanent	AWS Recruitment Ltd	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	25 - 40 k doe	32500	charityjob.co.uk	0
48558	68608642	P/T HR Assistant – Support Administration	P/T HR Assistant Support Administration Reference no: Nuneaton **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: CV**** **** What s involved with this role: To provide support in the administration of HR functions, e.g. recruitment, conditions of service or payroll functions, employee relations. You will be involved in the providing support to the client group in line with the Councils policies and procedures and employment legislation. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent HR administration experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Strong customer service skills Be able to effectively communicate, both orally and in writing. Good organisational and prioritisation skills Knowledge of social diversity and equal opportunities and the ability to demonstrate this throughout all aspects of practice Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Business Improvement/HR/ Secretarial Administration Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 2 months. Hours per week: 30 days and working hours tbc Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited	Nuneaton	Nuneaton			Triumph Consultants	Admin Jobs	8.00 ph PAYE, noting that Ltd/Umbrella company rates may also apply	15360	MyUkJobs	0
191290	71749985	EAL teacher	An EAL Teacher is required for a School in North West London for an immediate start, or February half term. This is a varied and interesting role working with specific EAL students throughout the school at various levels.You with be liaising with teachers and working with small groups or one to one with students. The post is open to teachers who are both primary or secondary trained and have an EAL background or focus to their work. This may be suitable for a teacher with a background working with SEN students or for an experienced teacher who wishes to develop their career in this area. Please e mail your CV for a quick response Horizon Teachers	North West London, London	North West London		contract	Horizon Teachers	Teaching Jobs	140 - 170/day	37200	cv-library.co.uk	0
72542	68849078	Business Opportunities (Award Winning Franchise)	DRIVE YOUR OWN SUCCESS WITH OUR AWARD WINNING FRANCHISE  Established resale business  Average earnings ****K  Trade's favourite products  Award winning support  Huge potential customer base  Investment required  No experience necessary EXCELLENT TERRITORY AVAILABLE IN & AROUND WINCHESTER INCLUDING: Romsey, West Southampton, New Alresford & Tidworth Click apply now for contact details.	Winchester, Hampshire, Southampton, Hampshire, Romsey, Hampshire, Alresford, Hampshire, Tidworth, Hampshire	UK		permanent		Other/General Jobs	Average Earnings - 60K	30000	jobstoday.co.uk	0
179597	71564894	Senior Android Developer	ANDROID DEVELOPER Senior Android Developer  Android, Java, J2ME, OOP, MVC, XML, JSON, UI, User interface Very Competitive day rate **** month Contract Manchester Senior and midlevel Android developers are required to build an exciting Android application for a well established mobile digital media client in Manchester. You will be working as part of an established mobile development team on a cutting edge project with a major client. Required Experience 2 years  Android Experience on Commercial projects Ideally 4 Years  Java Experience Good understanding on scaling Android UI across multiple devices OOP/MVC XML/JSON Application Development A good portfolio of previous work If you are an Android developer with over 2 years commercial experience, please respond to this Advert and/or contact me immediately **** / **** We may consider applicant with **** year of Commercial experience if some experience has been gained through personal projects. Senior Android Developer, Manchester Android, Java, J2ME, OOP, MVC, XML, JSON, UI, User Interface. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorAndroidDeveloper_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		contract	Experis IT	IT Jobs	250 - 400 per day	78000	cwjobs.co.uk	1
145037	70676838	Net Developer  ASPNET, C, TSQL  URGENT	.Net Developer  ASP.NET, C, TSQL  URGENT  Based in Manchester  Salary dependent on experience An exciting opportunity has arisen for a passionate .Net Developer with strong skills in ASP.NET, C and TSQL to join an innovative and successful agency who offer the unique chance to take your own initiative on industry leading projects. The ideal candidate will have a reasonable level of commercial experience working with web based projects in a .Net environment. It will also be important for the .Net Developer with skills in ASP.NET, C and TSQL to have exceptional communication skills and the ability to work with a variety of people and learn from each other. Essential skills:  .Net ****  C  TSQL  HTML  CSS  JavaScript  Object Orientated skills  Database Design  Design Patterns Desirable skills:  MVC  OSS Frameworks  Fubu  Linux  TDD  BDD  Git  Mentoring experience In return they offer a friendly, informal working environment and the .Net Developer can expect to work with an award winning team on pioneering digital innovation. If you are a .Net Developer with skills in ASP.Net, C and TSQL looking for a exciting opportunity to work with a forward thinking business then please forward your CV to me ASAP. .Net Developer  ASP.NET, C, TSQL  URGENT  Based in Manchester  Salary dependent on experience	Manchester	Manchester		permanent	Oscar Associates  Limited	IT Jobs	25k - 45k pa	35000	jobsite.co.uk	0
35502	68238137	Cleaner	General cleaning duties within an office environment, including toilet cleaning. Must have previous cleaning experience will need to have own transport. The total hrs per week is 10 but is 3 seperate locations. **** of the locations are based in the Fengate area of Peterborough every tues thurs morning between the hours of 7.45am10am the 3rd location is the City Centre 5pm6pm MonFri.	Peterborough	Peterborough	part_time		Lazerclean	Maintenance Jobs	6.19 per hour	11884	Jobcentre Plus	0
60699	68694148	Branch Manager (Commercial / Industrial)	BRANCH MANAGER (COMMERCIAL / INDUSTRIAL) Location: Norwich Salary: up to ****k basic plus fantastic OTE car / car allowance, plus other excellent benefits package… We are now seeking for o ur Client a dynamic, driven Branch Manager to run their business and Team. They are an established successful agency providing a range of recruitment solutions. If you would like a new challenge and have the following skills/experience please contact us for a confidential discussion or email your CV You must have a background within the recruitment industry You will need to be hungry for success You must have excellent sales and communication skills You will need to have leadership excellent management skills Branch Manager Key responsibilities: Proactively manage develop the Branch its business to meet financial targets Recruitment and selection Business development/marketing activities to identify secure retain new clients Effective management, development and training of support staff within the Branch Maintenance of accurate records Providing reports/information for Regional Manager/Head Office Constantly striving to improve the quality of service to both clients and candidates Ensuring that all dealings with clients/candidates/suppliers/colleagues are professional and friendly FW Recruitment is an independent recruitment to recruitment agency focusing on providing services primarily in Central England, that shares a passion for such values as caring about and valuing people. We aim to ensure the employee and employer, achieve their goals. We undertake face to face interviews to ensure that we find the right opportunity for you. ' We also pay a referral fee to you if you refer a friend who takes up a permanent position' Other opportunities available Contact us for a confidential discussion on **** **** or email your CV. www.fwrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BranchManagerCommercialIndustrial_job****	Norwich Norfolk East Anglia	UK		permanent	FW Recruitment Ltd	HR & Recruitment Jobs	Up to 40,000 per annum plus excellent OTe & Car / Allowance	40000	totaljobs.com	0
230073	72450872	Telephone Account Manager	To take account responsibility for a panel of supporting / prospect Insurance Brokers, in order to help develop these accounts to drive new business sales and retention across all product lines. MAIN ACTIVITIES/TASKS Make monthly outbound calls to panel Brokers to discuss sales production, renewal retention and to agree future development plans; Build relationships with the commercial account managers across the panel of brokers. Provide 'first line' response to your panel for all business development enquiries. Profile, develop and maintain a 'contact database' with all telephone discussions, new business and retention agreements. Provide monthly sales reports on performance of panel. Recruit two new brokers per month by means of recommendations from existing panel brokers, researching the market or cold calling. Build excellent working relationships with all internal staff, including Compliance Managers, Regional Sales Managers and other lines of the business eg. UK General and Rural. Through broker relationships and marketing intelligence feedback monthly on competitor activity and trends in the market place. Active participation commitment to Sales Initiatives, Marketing Campaigns Industry events and other duties and responsibilities as may be required by the Sales and Marketing Manager. REQUIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE Good experience of general insurance with knowledge of the market place and compliance. A Minimum of **** year inbound and outbound calling experience Proven telephony sales skills with strong preference to outbound calling Effective time management and numeracy skills; Self motivated with ability to think outside the box and laterally; Embraces change and constantly strives for sales excellence; Team player. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS Completes a minimum of **** business development outbound calls per day. Recruits a minimum of two new brokers monthly. Achievement of new business and renewal premium income budgets to agreed targets; Maintains broker contact history database and reports outputs monthly This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelephoneAccountManager_job****	Warrington, Cheshire Cheshire North West	Warrington		permanent	Kurtis james recruitment	Sales Jobs	From 15,000 to 16,000 per annum	15500	totaljobs.com	0
169766	71342920	Legal Credit Controller	The main duties for the Legal Credit Control position will include; ****;Chasing outstanding debt ****; ****;6m ledger ****; ****;Cash allocation ****;Posting receipts ****;Monthly meetings with fee earners to discuss outstanding client payments ****;Business to Business chasing ****;Business to Customer chasing The successful candidate for this position will posses the following attributes; ****;Intermediate Excel skills 045; v ****;look ups ****;pivot tables ****;Previous experience in a legal firm of small to medium size ****;You should be confident when dealing with partners across the business Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents ****; My Client is a top 045;tier partnership of European Patent Attorneys ****; Chartered Patent Attorneys and Trade Mark Attorneys ****; dealing with all aspects of Intellectual Property ****; including patents ****; trade marks ****; domain names ****; design ****; copyright ****; passing 045;off and confidential information ****; The acquisition ****; enforcement and licensing of worldwide IP rights on behalf of clients forms a core part of the business ****; Based in Holborn they have a great location with excellent transport links ****; A temporary to permanent position in a reputable legal firm ****; Competitive salary ****; Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel ****; Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials ****; We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview ****; Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy	London	London		contract	Page Personnel	Accounting & Finance Jobs	0 - 18 per hour	17280	jobsincredit.com	0
41045	68371574	MFL Teacher  French and Spanish	Are you a trained MFL teacher that specialises in French and Spanish. Are you looking for a teaching job in London that is challenging and rewarding?  Main Pay Scale  Teacher of MFL  French & Spanish  Dream Education We wish to appoint an energetic and enthusiastic Teacher of Spanish & French to for a lovely school in London. Successful applicant must be keen to continue learning and developing their skills in a supportive environment. If you are a teacher that is enthused by inspiring students and are passionate about their performance and wellbeing, then we encourage you to apply for this position. Position open to NQTs and experienced teachers. Apply today and make a difference	Central London	Central London	full_time	permanent	SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING	Teaching Jobs	20000 - 60000 per annum	40000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
64237	68706883	Demi Chef de Partie  Top North Yorkshire Gastro  ****	Demi Chef de Partie required for an award winning gastro in North Yorkshire  up to **** Great Tips Live in Available Chance to be part of a growing gastro group with a growing reputation Set in the York, Thirsk, Ripon area of North Yorkshire Our client is a popular destination food led pub with an excellent reputation set in a village in the beautiful vale of York They are looking for an experienced Demi Chef De Partie come on board and join their brigade of **** This busy” foodie” pub prides itself on producing all in house from the freshest local Yorkshire produce. The gastro has won many awards. The establishment uses all local north Yorkshire suppliers and is very proud of this fact. To re literate this fact they produce a daily blackboard menu which utilities the best produce available depending on availability and seasonality. This Demi Chef de Partie position will suit an experienced Commis chef who is passionate about food and shows some flair and imagination. This North Yorkshire gastro has an excellent reputation in the local area and beyond. This busy gastro is producing exciting award winning food for around **** covers on a busy service. This Demi Chef de Partie position will suit a Commis chef/Chef de Partie who is passionate about food and shows some flair and imagination. This Yorkshire gastro has an excellent reputation in the local area and beyond. The establishment uses all local Yorkshire suppliers and is very proud of this fact. To re literate this fact they produce a daily menu which utilities the best produce available depending on availability and seasonality. There will be chances of promotion t sound like the job you are looking for, we have many other Demi Chef de Partie vacancies available, and will be happy to help you find your next exciting position, email Victoria today on victoriapeaksanddalesrecruitment.co.ukwith a copy of your CV. In line with the requirements of the Asylum & Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of the eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process.	York, North Yorkshire, UK, North Yorkshire	York			Peaks Dales Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 15,000 to 16,000 per annum Plus Live in and a share of all tips	15500	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
56447	68682648	MI & Analysis Administrator	MI Analysis Administrator Days of work  ****:30am  5pm Hours of work  **** Purpose: To deliver MI Analysis service standards, providing management support through data collation, input and extraction, presenting analysis and reports. Development: Develop a thorough understanding of capacity planning and forecast modelling requirements. Develop data collation and extraction that supports core activities across the business unit with daily/weekly/monthly MI and reporting. Develop analysis techniques, identifying trends and patterns, clearly communicating areas for management review. Driving Results: Take personal responsibility for delivering MI Analysis service standards through accurate and timely data management and reporting. Identify and validate manual and systems driven data sources. Monitor personal performance ensuring data input, data integrity checks and MI production support the measurement of KPIs. Ensure all activities adhere to internal standards and external regulatory requirements. Coaching Training: Maintain and share best practice techniques, driving selfimprovement and team performance. Take responsibility for personal development plan, owning actions to improve performance. Ensure full process and systems knowledge is continually developed and maintained. Proactively seek feedback from Team Leader through regular observations and planned coaching sessions. Relationships People: Actively promote and support team working, working together with team members and Team Leader to achieve team goals. Demonstrate an awareness of internal/external key stakeholders and Product Partners. Understand, support and drive MI Analysis service standards and objectives. IT/Processes: Adhere to best practice processes aligned to MI production, analysis and reporting. Understand and support working practices reviews, streamlining endtoend procedures and ensuring maximum efficiency. Provide ideas and suggestions for improvements. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MIAnalysisAdministrator_job****	Milton Keynes Buckinghamshire South East	Milton Keynes		permanent	RecruitmentConsultant.com	Accounting & Finance Jobs	16000	16000	totaljobs.com	0
227348	72444100	****  Heavy Equipment Engineer	We are working with an associate recruitment consultancy whose client is seeking a Heavy Equipment Engineer to work at a mining site in Egypt. The position is on a rolling contract. You will service, maintain and repair a variety of vehicles including Excavators, Various types of Trucks, Fork Lifts, Generators etc You will be an accomplished Heavy Equipment Engineer with your experience gained across a number of types of heavy equipment but must include **** Dumper Truck (caterpillar vehicle) or JCB equivalent. Your practical experience must be supported by formal training on such equipment and you must have your certificates to hand. You must be able to assemble, dismantle, service, repair and maintain such heavy equipment vehicles. You should be familiar with Service Information Systems (SIS), Electronic Systems and Vital Information Management Systems (VISMS). You should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills in English, be able to adapt to rapid changes in a positive manner and work to tight deadlines. Superb interpersonal skills and instant credibility are essential as you will be interfacing with a number of people from different backgrounds, nationalities and religions. You will be resourceful with a flexible outlook, have the ability to multitask in order to handle competing priorities and be able to fit in to an international dynamic and multicultural environment. Finally you should possess a Drivers Licence and be PC / IT literate. This is an outstanding challenge for an accomplished Heavy Equipment Engineer looking for something different. The basic salary is ****pa and is tax free for an ExPatriate employee. A bonus of **** will also be available. Accommodation, laundry, medical / health insurance, life assurance, travel insurance, pension and meals are all provided free. In addition you will have the use of a phone to call family and friends and also use of the internet for emails etc. The work rota is 10 weeks on, 3 weeks off. In addition ExPatriate employees will receive **** paid return economy flights per year. Mobilization and DeMobilization flights are also paid for by our client. rpc international recruitment Ltd trading as The rpc Group of Companies is at the forefront of placing professionals working in logistics and supply chain, facilities management, catering and life support services, military and defence support services, aviation, security, IT and telecoms, fuel supply and distribution, engineering and construction, including oil and gas  Worldwide  We frequently manage confidential appointments on behalf of our clients, some of which are not advertised. If you are interested in working overseas and seeking to develop your career please do not hesitate to contact us for a confidential discussion and access to our complete portfolio of current opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/****HeavyEquipmentEngineer_job****	UK	UK		permanent	Resource Planning Consultants	Other/General Jobs	50k per year + bonus + benefits	50000	totaljobs.com	1
54506	68677298	Development Worker	Development Worker Salary: ****  **** per annum Location: West London Fulltime (37.5 hours per week) Permanent Our client is a flexible and dynamic charitable organisation which champions choice and independence for people with learning disabilities. They are currently recruiting for an energetic and passionate individual who is seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity to join their team as a Development Worker. Supporting adults with learning disabilities to lead as independent a life as possible, this post involves the flexible delivery of a programme of community support, education and development for serviceusers, as well as providing key worker support to specific individuals. Proven experience of working in the field of learning disabilities is essential, as well key working individuals and developing risk assessments. With a strong understanding of personcentred planning, you will be confident in facilitating groups and liaising with a wide network of professionals. The ideal candidate will have experience of travel training vulnerable client groups and a strong understanding of budget setting. Closing date: 28 January 2013 Interviews: ****  8 February 2013	West London	West London	full_time	permanent	Prospectus	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	18,500 - 21,500 per annum	20000	Third Sector Jobs	0
5169	62007458	Lead Generation  Outbound Sales	Lead Generation  Outbound sales Finance Industry experience **** basic commission Cold calling database to generate leads, and Hot Key these to related companies Full Time Permanent Position No Experience Necessary, Full Training Provided. If you are interested in furthering your career in professional Telesales please send your CV to inforecruitmentnorthwest.com or upload your CV onto www.recruitmentnorthwest.com alternatively contact the recruitment team on **** **** **** /**** **** **** Due to the high volume of applicants we are receiving, we are not able to respond to everyone. Therefore if you do not receive a response within 3 days unfortunately you have not been successful Key Search words: Telesales, Telemarketing, Out bound Sales, In bound Sales, Call Centre, Contact Centre, Customer Service, Telephone Negotiator, Customer Advisor. Account Manager, B2B Media Sales, Media Sales Account Manager, Media Sales Executive, B2B Media Sales Executive, Business Development Executive, Sales Account Manager, Client Account Manager, Customer Account Manager.	Greater Manchester	Manchester			Recruitment North West	Accounting & Finance Jobs	13.5K + Commission	13500	MyUkJobs	0
108541	69618207	Physiotherapist  Cambridge  Cambridge	Job Title: PhysiotherapistJob Type: Full timeSalary: ****  ****Location: Cambridge About the Client Our client, a private healthcare provider who work in liaison with the NHS and private hospitals to provide acute care to patients in their own homes. The client prides themselves on being the best and have a patient satisfaction service at 99%. About the Role Due to an extended period of growth my client are currently recruiting several Physiotherapists. The successful Physio will be required to work autonomously to assess and treat a specialist caseload of patients including orthopaedics, musculoskeletal, neurology, medical and ITU or respiratory. What we’re looking for Demonstrable post qualification/adaption experience Experience of working in NHS inpatient, outpatient and community basedservices About UsJane Lewis Health & Social Care are the North West's leading nursing & social care recruiter. Jane Lewis have been providing temporary staffing and permanent recruitment solutions to a wide range of public & private sector clients since **** The cornerstone of our business is carefully matching the skills, experience & aspirations of our candidates to the specific requirements of our clients.	Cambridge	Cambridge	full_time		Jane Lewis Health Social Care	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	26,000 - 32,000/Year	29000	staffnurse.com	0
13910	66656973	Training and Development Officer	TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT OFFICER  up to ****K  Fully Expensed Car  Benefits Our client is a leading multisite FMCG business. Further to a restructure within the Learning & Development function, they now have an opportunity for an experienced Learning & Development Officer to work in partnership with Group and Local Management teams to identify, source or design and deliver innovative Learning & Talent Development interventions to two key sites in the North West of England. Reporting to the Head of Learning & Development, the successful candidate will work in an advisory / consultative capacity to ensure managers and colleagues adopt the most efficient and effective L&TD process to support the business plan. This will include, developing, implementing and auditing training processes, developing and maintaining a standardised approach for 'technical' / operational workbased training, and ensuring all colleagues have an active Personal Development Plan. We are looking for a candidate with prior experience of operating within a similar role, ideally in a unionised, fast paced, manufacturingtype environment. Ideally of graduate calibre, you will have a strong commercial understanding, and have a proven ability to undertake a detailed training needs analysis and employ a variety of assessment methods to be used before, during, and after training to measure the impact of training at individual, team and business level. You will have an ability to develop and deliver learning activities, as well as identify, source and manage external training providers. To apply, or for further information, please send a copy of your CV to Melanie Jones, Managing Consultant, at Robinson Keane HR Professionals  melanie.jonesrobinsonkeane.co.uk We will do our best to contact you within 7 days. Should you have not heard from us within 14 days, however, we apologise for being unable to contact you personally due to a high volume of applicants, but please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this particular occasion.	Lancashire, England	Lancashire	full_time	permanent	Robinson Keane HR Professionals	HR & Recruitment Jobs	32000 - 35000 per annum + fully expensed car & pension & healthcare	33500	peoplemanagement.co.uk	0
164655	71276576	Deputy General Manager Bedford  stunning Gastro Pub with Rooms	My client is a small but perfectly formed group of quality; upmarket, fresh food Gastro Pubs based across the UK They pride themselves on serving excellent food in relaxed informal surroundings whilst maintaining a fun yet professional working environment The Role  Deputy General Manager Bedford up to ****k Package plus ****k bonus Deputy General Manager of this well known and loved foodie pub with rooms in Bedford. As The Deputy General Manager you will report directly to the General Manager and will have a team of 20 staff including junior Managers reporting into you. You will be accountable for all areas of the business including Profit and loss, recruitment, staff development, training and driving sales. About You: The successful Deputy General Manager will have a stable and progressive career. You will be passionate about good, fresh food and able to motivate and drive a team to exceed customer’s expectations. You must have experience working in similar Gastro Pubs, Brasseries or quality food led Restaurants. As Deputy General Manager you will be enthusiastic, outgoing and driven with an eye for detail and a flair for great customer service. Ultimately you will be a great host and love spending time with your customers, getting to know regulars and making their experience one to remember day after day. The reward: You can expect an excellent starting salary of up to ****k plus ****k in tips per year paid monthly and an excellent bonus worth a further ****k per year. You can expect training, development and a real opportunity to progress to General Manager and beyond as the company continues to grow If this sound like the job for you then email your CV to simonitkrecruitment.co.uk Please note that roles like these often generate a high response level and I will only be able to respond to candidates which match my client’s criteria. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/DeputyGeneralManagerBedfordstunningGastroPubwithRooms_job****	Bedford Bedfordshire South East	UK			itk Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 23,000 to 27,000 per annum 3000 bonus	25000	caterer.com	0
238469	72611685	RGN Nurse (Hospital)  Warwick	Immediate fulltime and parttime hours availableThe SWIIS Benefits: ****4  **** per hour (dependent on banding) **** bonus after first **** hours Up to **** referafriend bonus Free CRB Free immunisation Free uniform Free training Ongoing professional development Excellent outofhours management support SWIIS urgently requires experienced RGNs for hospitalbased roles in Nuneaton and the surrounding area. These are temporary positions, with range of adhoc shifts, short and longerterm projects available. Requirements: Current NMC registration At least 1 year of paid postqualification nursing experience in a relevant setting Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users Dedication to continued professional and personal developmentIf you have the skills to be successful in this role, please submit a comprehensive, uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. Incomplete CVs will result in delays in the processing of your registration.SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer. Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply. Bonuses apply to qualified nurses only.	Warwick	Warwick		contract	Swiis Healthcare	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	14.00 - 20.00/Hour	32640	staffnurse.com	0
172610	71412789	SAP CRM Consultant  End User  No Travel  SAP Transformation	My client is embarking on a major transformation programme to replace their legacy systems to help deliver continued global growth for the business. As part of the programme they are implementing SAP as the primary business application to manage their operational and administrative activity. SAP CRM **** is being implemented to enhance the SAP solution deployed in managing the Group`s operational and administrative activity. My client now seeks an experienced SAP CRM Consultant to join the SAP Competency Centre. You will have considerable CRM configuration experience together with a capability to define enhancements through functional specifications and assist with the creation and execution of test cases. In this role you will be responsible for the following:  Handson configuration and customisation within CRM as part of ongoing project activity  Regular meetings with Stakeholders to understand their business needs and assist in the design of the SAP solution  Provision of 2nd/3rd level support to our user community To be considered for this role you should have experience in the following:  CRM including Web Channel, Interaction Centre as well as Marketing, Sales Service  Strong configuration experience ideally with a project background  Excellent communication skills  Interfaces/integration with nonSAP systems  Process frameworks such as ITIL  Working in a userfacing support role You will have experience of delivering second level support and excellent SAP configuration expertise coupled with proven experience of transforming business requirements into solution designs. You will probably have been involved in at least two full life cycle SAP CRM implementation projects and will also possess detailed knowledge of CRM **** You will have excellent written and oral communication skills in order to engage effectively with a variety of business and technical partners whilst being able to demonstrate drive and enthusiasm along with a pragmatic and flexible approach. You`ll need excellent analytical and problem solving skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPCRMConsultantEndUserNoTravelSAPTransformation_job****	Cambridge Cambridgeshire East Anglia	UK		permanent	Verticailty Ltd	Sales Jobs	40000 to 45000 per annum	42500	totaljobs.com	0
165867	71294867	Electrical Engineering Trainer	Electrical Engineering Trainer Salary: **** **** Location: Manchester Type: Permanent, fulltime. I am currently seeking an experienced Electrical Engineering trainer / instructor for an exciting position to work with a FE College (based in the Manchester area) in delivering training all around the UK. My client is one of the highest achieving colleges in Manchester, who specialise in working closely with industrial companies in providing training in Engineering. It is an excellent opportunity to join an enthusiastic team who enjoy teaching apprentices. The role itself will entail travelling UK wide (mainly Manchester and the South) in providing Electrical Engineering training across the City and Guilds **** BTEC National Diploma and HNC in Electrical Engineering courses in a number of well known, reputable Engineering companies; mainly of which are within the Electrical Power industry. I am particularly looking for an experienced Electrical Engineer who is practiced in teaching/ delivering the same or similar courses mentioned. A HNC minimum is required in Electrical/ Electronic Engineering. A teaching qualification and A**** assessors qualifications are desirable, as is experience with Electrical Power (e.g. Western Power) or generation of power within the rail/ aerospace industry. The right candidate should be flexible, enthusiastic and knowledgeable in their subject. The salary for the role is starting between **** **** 35 days holiday ( **** bank holidays), teachers pension and ongoing training and support including Cert Ed and A**** Certification. The post also includes; car hire and accommodation when travelling and a laptop. Please call Cath at Boston Rose on (Apply online only) if you feel you have the right experience, expertise and enthusiasm for this exciting, challenging role. My role here at Boston Rose is working with FE colleges and commercial training sectors and providing trainers, assessors and verifiers in permanent positions in Electrical Engineering, Installations, Maintenance and Telecommunications, so if you are interested in registering or would like to know more then please call me. Boston Rose is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff, applicants and clients to share this commitment. This role will involve work with under **** s or vulnerable adults. Any appointment will be made subject to strict vetting and screening checks and receipt of a satisfactory enhanced CRB check. Boston Rose Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions Electrical Engineer, Electrical Installations, Electrical Power, Electrical Control Systems, electrical apprenticeship, electrical apprentice, PTLLS, CTLLS, DTLLS, Cert Ed, PGCE, assessor, verifier, A**** D**** D**** V**** IV	Manchester, North West	Manchester		permanent	Boston Rose	Teaching Jobs	22000 - 33000/annum 35 days hol + training	27500	cv-library.co.uk	0
224910	72437196	Financial Reporting Accountant	Hays are currently working with a well known financial institution based in Birmingham. Due to expansion, they are now looking to recruit a group financial reporting accountant. Reporting in to the Head of Financial Reporting, you will be responsible for a variety of tasks, including month end processes, assisting in preparation of statutory accounts, designing and implementing accounting process improvements, liaising with external tax advisors, liaising with internal and external auditors and deputising for head of financial reporting when required, as well as other ad hoc duties. To be considered for this role, you must be a qualified accountant, with experience of preparing consolidated and individual company accounts under IFRS. Strong excel skills are required, and ideally experience of the financial services sector. For more information, please contact Josh Powell on [contact details removed] .Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Warwickshire	Warwickshire	full_time	permanent	Hays Senior Finance	Accounting & Finance Jobs	40000.00 - 40000.00 GBP Annual	40000	jobs.newstatesman.com	0
70382	68822522	Senior Planning Manager  Top 5 Contractor	A global, market leading Main Contractor is seeking a Senior Planner to manage one of central London's most complex mixed use developments. With a well established international presence and an exciting order book this represents a fantastic opportunity to join one of London's most talented planning teams. This is a great opportunity to join one of our largest and most prestigious clients, a leading organisation offering services within the construction sector. They are a rapidly growing company who have developed an excellent reputation for providing their staff with career progression and challenging projects. They offer a diverse range of services to their clients, and there are several different divisions of the business. A sitebased planning role, you will be involved in one of the most high profile construction projects in London, which will make a permanent mark on the capital's landscape. This 300m construction scheme includes residential, retail and office units and will become one of the 21st century's most iconic schemes thus far. You will be working at a senior level on the project and responsible for guiding junior planners, creating and maintaining the master project plans using Asta PowerProject, critical path analysis, monitoring contractor and sub contractor progress and reporting to the client and senior management. Ideally, the successful candidate will have:  Significant construction planning experience, with previous exposure to working on highrise tower projects advantageous.  Proficiency with Asta PowerProject is desirable (although not essential). Must be proficient with some form of planning software.  Must have previous experience of liaising with clients, developers, sub contractors, etc.  Eligible to work in the UK. Remuneration In return, you will be offered a market leading salary comprising of:  Basic of up to **** per annum (dependent upon experience).  Executive car/allowance  Full company health and pension  Annual bonus Apply now for immediate consideration. Project Resource has one of the largest specialist planning and project controls divisions in the UK, established for over 10 years. With just under twenty dedicated consultants across the country, feel free to contact us confidentially to discuss your next permanent or contract move today. Ask for Tom Allsop in our London office on [blocked]. Services advertised by Project Resource are that of an employment business and/or agency. http://uk.linkedin.com/in/tomallsop www.projectresource.co.uk	London London England	London			Project Resource	Other/General Jobs	60000 -65000 per annum	62500	gojobsearch.co.uk	1
123220	69958683	Housing Team Leader	The Council has a range of statutory housing duties delivered in house and through contracts. There is also a significant proactive role in influencing the delivery of services offered by housing providers. We are looking for someone who is not only able to manage the team delivering a range of services including enforcement action, but also wants to work in partnership, manage contracts and take the opportunity to influence others in taking forward the latest initiatives. The post is key to the delivery of the Council’s housing objectives and strategies, in particular the Housing Enforcement and Housing Assistance Policies and the Empty Homes Strategy. The post will be required to deliver and manage other team members delivering housing enforcement therefore the essential criteria includes BSc/MSc in Environmental Health or equivalent, EHORB qualified Environmental Health Officer and to be a graduate/corporate Member of the Chartered Institute of Environmental Health. The post is required to undertake duties out of office hours and at weekends as necessary. You may also be required to participate in any call out/standby services operated by the Council outside normal office hours and at weekends as required. You will also need a current valid driving licence and access to a vehicle that you are prepared to use for work purposes. For an informal discussion about the post, please contact Mike O’Connor, Housing Manager on (****) **** Closing date: Wednesday, 6 February 2013	Newcastle under Lyme	Newcastle-under-Lyme	full_time		Newcastle under Lyme Borough Council	Consultancy Jobs	35,430– 38,042 per annum	36736	Jobcentre Plus	0
124555	69976352	Software Engineer	A Software Engineer (J****EE) is required on a permanent basis due to rapid expansion and growth for one of the largest service providers in the UK. The role based in St Albans area and is easily commutable by rail and road from High Wycombe, Watford, Luton and London. The company innovative in their approach strive to be the best in the market and encourage their employees to do the same. As Software Engineer (J****EE) you'll be joining a growing team of experienced engineers who strive to be the best in industry. You'll be working in a faced paced environment covering the full (agile) development lifecycle from requirements capture through to maintenance and support. You'll be coding in Java (J****EE) for complex multithreaded systems and be encouraged to come up with your own engineering solutions. To be considered for the role Software Engineer (J****EE) you'll be qualified to degree level or equivalent in a relevant subject eg Computer Science, Software Systems etc. and have relevant industry experience that has been focused on serverside development. Required Skills Java (J****EE) OOD Multithreading Server Side Technologies: Spring MVC, JDBC, ORM, REST, NoSQL This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your career as a Software Engineer (J****EE) with one of the UK's largest companies. To apply for this permanent Software Engineer (J****EE) role based in the St Albans area, easily commutable by rail and road from High Wycombe, Watford, Luton and London then please call Rachel Barry on or send your up to date CV and contact number Ref: ****/RB View our latest jobs today at and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.	Hertfordshire St. Albans AL1 1	Park Street		permanent	JAM Recruitment	IT Jobs	40000.00 - 55000.00 GBP Annual	47500	jobserve.com	1
31330	68075917	Shop Manager	New Shop Opening Soon in Tewkesbury, Gloucester Requires Shop Manager Salary **** pa 37.5 hours per week over 5 days including alternate Weekends Put charity at the heart of the local community with a Sue Ryder shop. Our growing number of shops are one of the most important ways in which we raise money to support people living through the challenges of lifechanging illness. So when you take over the management of one, you're not just helping us to turn a profit  you're helping to improve the lives of the people we exist to help. Our shops are a muchloved part of the high street around the country. As Shop Manager, you'll make sure that you and your team create a wellpresented shop where customers get great service. You'll maximise sales, control expenditure and manage a team, who'll look to you for leadership and guidance. Under your management, both paid staff and volunteers will get the training they need. To do this, you'll ideally have some retail experience. However, what's essential is that you're wellorganised, with basic IT literacy and the ability to lead a team. Specifically, you'll need a GCSElevel education, basic admin skills and a gift for helping customers find the perfect purchase and plenty of commercial sense. With these talents, you'll deliver retail excellence to grow income and make a difference to Sue Ryder Healthcare and the people we support. Closing date: 01 February 2013 First interview: 12 February 2013 Sue Ryder is a charity registered in England and Wales (****) and Scotland (SC**** For more information and to submit an application, please click the apply button below This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShopManager_job****	Tewkesbury Gloucestershire South West	Tewkesbury		permanent	Sue Ryder	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	17,500 per annum	17500	totaljobs.com	0
133712	70250734	Recruitment Consultant – Senior Finance, Basingstoke RG****	Recruitment Consultant – Senior Finance, Basingstoke RG**** Accountancy and Finance Sector Basic salary package to ****K, and excellent commission Great role with a leading independent recruitment consultancy. Dealing with the top end of the market – Senior Finance roles into Commerce and Industry The Company and Role: Recruitment Consultant – Senior Finance, Basingstoke RG**** Leading independent Recruitment Consultancy with a network of offices across Southern England. Specialise in all aspects of Financial Recruitment in Industry and Practice. Provide Temporary and Permanent staffing solutions to their clients – from SME’s to FTSE 100 companies. The company culture is professional; encouraging personal development, competition, and being the best. You will further develop a profitable recruitment desk, dealing with Senior roles within the Finance sector within a geographic territory. This role is dealing with the Senior end of the market – with salaries upwards of ****k. It is a busy market, and this desk needs someone who is happy to chase all business leads down. You will be supported by a knowledgeable team of colleagues, and senior managers who are experts in this sector. You: Ideally, you will be a specialist within the Senior Accountancy and Finance recruitment sector. Alternatively, you will have some recruitment experience within another Finance or Professional Services recruitment sector, and be able to demonstrate a strong desire and the ability to move into the Senior end of the market. You will need to be credible, professional and committed to the Recruitment industry. Package: Recruitment Consultant – Senior Finance, Basingstoke RG**** Basic package to ****K Excellent Commission scheme. To apply To apply for this role, please send Elizabeth your CV:elizabethfranklandassociates.com Alternatively, please call Elizabeth Frankland or Graham Leatham on **** **** **** to discuss your experience. Please quote reference: Recruitment Consultant – Senior Finance, Basingstoke RG**** Please note that your application will only be considered if you have the experience detailed above. Applications are treated as strictly confidential at all times. Frankland Associates Recruitment Search are Recruitment and Search specialists for the recruitment industry. We have immediate vacancies for Recruitment Consultants, Senior Recruitment Consultants, Recruitment Team Leaders, Recruitment Branch Managers, and Recruitment Regional Managers. To apply for this or other roles, you must be legally entitled to live and work in the UK. For further information please see our website franklandassociatesdotcom. This is an advertised vacancy for permanent work: Recruitment Consultant – Senior Finance, Basingstoke RG**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantSeniorFinanceBasingstokeRG****_job****	Basingstoke Hampshire South East	Basingstoke		permanent	Frankland Associates	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 20,000 to 30,000 per annum Excellent Commission scheme, OTE to	25000	totaljobs.com	0
108848	69631666	Customer Business Executive  Regional Pharmaceuticals	Major Global Branded Blue Chip FMCG manufacturer are seekign a Customer Business Executive to work on Regional Pharmaceutical accounts. You will effectively manage to guarantee success of the products and the highest customer satisfaction throughout. You will work closely with your customer to ensure that the product portfolio available is one that maximises profitability and is the market leader in its sector. Your high level of communication skills will be used for liaison with all departments to guarantee product success, whether it is a continuing line or a new product launch. You will need to have strong presentation skills, to both present to internal colleagues and externally to customers. They are looking for a dynamic entrepreneurial candidate as this company is focused upon expansion in the market place. This is an exciting period for the company, particularly within NPD and advances in their specific sectors. A high calibre individual currently working with Brandedproducts in the FMCG sector, ideally with experience across Regional Pharmaceutical accounts. Previous experience and a proven track record operating at Head Office level. The ability to influence at all levels both internally and externally Demonstrable drive and enthusiasm To apply please either email through the Grocer website to: recruitchurchillss.com Or call: London Office: **** **** **** Birmingham Office: **** **** ****	Home Based - Office M4 Corridor	Irlams O' Th' Height	full_time	permanent	Churchill Search Selection	Retail Jobs	35k-40k (depending on experience) + Bonus + Package	37500	jobs.thegrocer.co.uk	0
101525	69545676	NET Developer  NET, Web, Digital  London	URGENT A market leading web agency with a reputation for delivering award winning products for a portfolio of A list clients have a unique opportunity for a .NET Developer to join their team on an exciting, never been done before project. The successful candidate will have experience working with the latest version of .NET working in an Agile environment. You will have strong web skills with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript while ideally working in a media / web agency environment in the past. This will suit a developer with their finger on the pulse when it comes to market leading projects and cutting edge technology. You will have the chance of working on a major project for a household name and this is an agency who will always work with you again if you do a good job This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NETDeveloperNETWebDigitalLondon_job****	London South East	South East London		contract	24 7 Recruitment Solutions	IT Jobs	From 350 to 390 per day	88800	cwjobs.co.uk	1
40872	68364136	Quality Engineer	The Role: Quality Engineer Location: Commutable from Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire, London, Buckinghamshire, Cambridgeshire Salary: **** to **** Summary This is a fantastic opportunity to join a leading global defence manufacturer where you will provide Quality Engineering for the tasks associated with the MDP (Manufacturing Data Pack Role Details: Develops, modifies, applies and maintains quality evaluation and control systems and protocols for processing materials into partially finished or finished materials product. Collaborates with engineering and manufacturing functions to ensure quality standards are in place. Devises and implements methods and procedures for inspecting, testing and evaluating the precision and accuracy of products and production equipment. Designs and analyzes inspection and testing processes, mechanisms and equipment; conducts quality assurance tests; and performs statistical analysis to assess the cost of and determine the responsibility for, products or materials that do not meet required standards and specifications. Audits quality systems for deficiency identification and correction. Ensures that corrective measures meet acceptable reliability standards and that documentation is compliant with requirements. May specialize in the areas of design, incoming material, production control, product evaluation and reliability, inventory control and/or research and development as they apply to product or process quality. May be certified in lean and sixsigma quality engineering methodologies. Candidate Skills and Requirements: The successful Quality Engineer will be experienced in Electrical / Electronic Manufacturing in the Automotive and / or the Defence sector with experienced of working in a business certified to AS**** and / or TS**** ISO standards. Ideally with Senior Quality Engineer Experience and in compiling Control Plans and First Article Inspection Plans For more information call **** **** or email laura.usheradvantageresourcing.com Advantage Technical Resourcing. Services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temp work. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT, Engineering and Energy professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website URL removed to find out more about usWith over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work.	Bedfordshire	Bedfordshire		permanent	Advantage Technical Resourcing Limited	Engineering Jobs	45k - 50k pa	47500	justengineers.net	1
195654	71802192	Experienced Business Development Executive (Pharmaceutical Mkt)	Experienced Business Development Executive (Pharmaceutical Market) We have a number of opportunities for driven and persuasive BDM's to work on a full time basis within the B2B sector selling invaluable business information services. We span a plethora of industry sectors including, automotive, consumer goods, energy and sustainability, financial services, logistics and express, pharmaceuticals, healthcare and retail banking. This is a real opportunity for the successful candidate to take ownership of their allocated market place. If you fancy working within a fastpaced yet friendly environment, for world leading publishers, who are FTSE250 companies and offer the potential to earn excellent salaries with fantastic career opportunities then look no further. You will need to be able to… Expertly convert potential and existing clients to meet revenue targets: Using your fabulous bantering skills on the telephone, question, present and sell to a set and defined potential client database. Constantly be aware of opportunities to sell and upsell the company's products within the defined client database. Maintain and build up the database: Accurate coding of the database is essential. Updating the database with correct client contact details and adding aditional names. With immpecible precision, you will be inputting the correct client information, including records of conversations, client needs and reasons to purchase/not to purchase the company's products. Maintain a high level of activity: Your desk should be buzzing at all times Briming with jubilant enthusiasm and more energy than a duracel bunny, you wont struggle to meet required targets as set by the Sales Director. Develop key skills for a sales career: Demonstate your eagerness for a fastpaced, rewarding career in sales Show an interest in the company's products and services. Radiate with professionalism, positivity and enthusiasm. Be a merry addition to the team and give 'team player' a new meaning Skills required; Charismatic, personable nature and fantastic sales skills  opening, closing, probing, listening and matching the product to client needs Eloquent and articulate telephone manner Product and industry knowledge Ability to assimilate complex information Confidently operate a sales database European language a plus Graduate educated The Package: Great city locations, salaries up to **** with excellent commission and benefits Get in touch now and sell yourself For our latest vacancies, please visit our website http://www.ttcs.co.uk/	Greater London	London	full_time	permanent	TTCS RECRUITMENT	Sales Jobs	20000 - 24000 per annum + excellent comms and benefits	22000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
125269	69989747	PR Manager	My client is seeking to appoint a seasoned PR Manager with traditional and digital experience. This vacancy arises at an exciting stage of the business’s development with the opportunity to join a newly formed marketing department. The role will report directly to the Head of Digital and Customer Marketing and will be based in London with occasional travel to Warwick. Role Summary The PR Manager will play an integral role in the Marketing Department responsible for devising and implementing the integrated PR strategy aiming to maximise advocacy amongst consumers and key stakeholders (media, industry and government.) You will be involved in everything from developing journalist relationships; directly managing PR agencies (public relations and public affairs); networking alongside government advisers; developing an integrated communication plan, implementing and measuring the impact; launching new technical products to consumers, media, industry and third parties; shaping the perception of the brand and promoting the brand values to the customer. You will also be passionate about the potential of digital conversations, being well versed in both the opportunities and challenges of Social Media. Finally, you will be comfortable with auditing, reviewing, tracking and validating the brand’s PR positioning by utilising robust research techniques  revising and amending any plans accordingly. Specific areas of responsibility (examples): ? Ownership of the PR budget, strategy, plans and Executive level ROI reporting ? Management of relevant external agencies (including commercial reviews) ? Campaign and event management (supporting internal, driving external) ? Delivery of a defined media relations strategy, maximising positive recognition of the brand ? Proactive issue and crises management strategy with defined activities ? Traditional and digital media management of public relations and public affairs ? Delivery of PR and communications campaigns in support of business strategy ? Writing and distributing news releases, blogs and as appropriate social conversations ? Development of productive links with national and regional journalists ? Building a comprehensive media knowledge bank to be shared with the business ? Delivery of communication audits for PR and communications The desirable candidate will be: • Educated to degree level and / or has CIPR or CIM membership or equivalent • Experienced with 5 years plus relevant communications • Proficient with both traditional and digital PR practices • Experience of taking an integrated approach to communication • Extensive experience of media/PR relations inhouse, media side or agency side • Experience of delivering measurable crosschannel communication campaigns to effect change in approaches to behaviours, including social media • Excellent written and verbal skills required  ability to interpret and communicate complex material to a diverse audience. • Confident ability to brief and influence the wider team to adopt best practise approaches to customer engagement and experience • Creative approach, to developing innovative angles and fresh ideas as we build our brand buzz in the media • Organisational ability which allows for effective and clear planning, sharing project leading • Functional knowledge/experience gained from within the utility sector an advantage • Desire to work as part of a team in a busy, fast paced, cando environment Please forward your CV in the first instance, highlighting your relevant experience as well as availability to start a new role. Please also confirm your salary expectation This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRManager_job****	Central London / West End London South East	London		permanent	Porta Consulting Ltd	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	From 50,000 to 55,000 per annum plus benefits / bonus	52500	totaljobs.com	1
147562	70758328	Compliance Advisory Manager  Asset Management  ****  ****k	Compliance Advisory Manager (Asset Management)  ****  **** City of London Company Overview: Well known Institutional and Retail Asset Management house with funds globally focusing on UK, European, and US Funds. Role The firm are seeking a senior Compliance professional who can work with the front office and oversee day to day compliance specifically focusing on UCITS Assist in the delivery of regulatory change into the business Identify and support projects and new business developments including system changes impacting Compliance in order to ensure that regulatory considerations are identified, understood and addressed Liaison with the Fixed Income and Equities Advisory teams and relationship manage other divsions such as Internal Audit, Risk and Legal. Provide day to day investment and transactional compliance advice Skills Extensive Compliance experience within Asset Management including experience of dealing with the front office in an advisory capacity UCITS and funds knowledge essential Knowledge of the SEC rules would be an advantage	London	London		permanent	Banking Support	Accounting & Finance Jobs	75000 - 80000/annum	77500	cv-library.co.uk	1
214490	72239842	Planning Officer (Development Management)	Planning Officers (Development Management) – **** posts Permanent and temporary roles available Salary Scale ****  ****pa Based in Hexham Northumberland National Park is looking to recruit two P lanning O fficers (one permanent, one temporary for **** year ) to deliver a positive and proactive planning service which supports the delivery of sustainable development, in line with our Management Plan and Local Development Framework. Knowledge/experience required: Experience of working in development management within a local authority. To include: Considering applications of all types and making recommendations to senior manager and members Presenting recommendations for decision by committee Taking part in public consultation events such as Parish Council meetings, public meetings or planning surgeries Helping to ensure an efficient planning service through identifying and following appropriate processes E xperience of achieving and maintaining appropriate performance levels Experience of handling planning appeals Experience of monitoring planning compliance and identifying appropriate actions Experience of providing preapplication advice to potential applicants Skills/qualifications required: Degree in Town and Country Planning or equivalent qualification Membership or eligibility for membership of the Royal Town Planning Institute Up to date knowledge of current and emerging planning policy, guidance and legislation and the ability to identify future potential effect and implications; Understanding of public sector values and procedures and their applicability to National Park Authorities; Working knowledge of the planning system; Knowledge and understanding of current issues affecting National Parks in the UK; Informal enquiries can be made to: Tammy Adams, Head of Planning, Conservation and Communities **** **** tammy.adamsnnpa.org.uk Please see our website, www.northumberlandnationalpark.org.uk for full details and an application form. Closing date is Friday **** nd February 2013 at noon This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PlanningOfficerDevelopmentManagement_job****	Hexham Northumberland North East	Hexham		permanent	Northumberland National Park Authority	Other/General Jobs	From 24,646 to 27,849 per annum	26247	totaljobs.com	0
177169	71525429	Tead Lead  Salary ****k	Automated Software Test Lead London  Circa ****k Urgently seeking a highly skilled tester with experience of both manual and automated testing to work for a York based client. They are a specialist software provider with an ever growing team and ever growing database of clients. They have invested a significant amount of team and money into growing the technical team over the past six months and now have two opportunities for automated software testers to join the team. It is a manual and automated environment so experience of both forms of testing are required. They are looking candidates with experience of Communica platform. You will be working within a team of developers and testers in a company that is steadily growing and whose name is becoming more and more well known. The role will involve testing websites and software written in a variety of languages generally using the Microsoft Development skill stack. (.Net) If you have over 5years of experience of testing and want the opportunity to take a lead test role within a dynamic environment please forward CV s 	London Greater London	London		permanent		IT Jobs	60000	60000	technojobs.co.uk	1
233151	72480463	Test Automation Engineer	Development Test Analyst / Developer/ Tester C.Net/ SQL Server/ QTP/ QC Nottingham based. Salary negotiable. Due to current substantial growth, a major corporate FTSE 100 client within the Nottingham area is currently recruiting for a Test Automation Engineer. This innovative client has gained a reputation for being a leader in their field, and currently has an impressive portfolio of clients. Responsibilities of the role include: Develop tools for QA and testing frameworks to run automated testing. Helps maintain proprietary automated test engine Helps maintain extend automated, Excelbased regression scripts Helps maintain proprietary legacy test tools Develops tests automation scripts Supports regression test teams with their script execution questions / problems Troubleshoots, isolates, and documents problems encountered during script executions Works with the QA team to improve processes, tools, and methodology Helps to develop innovative new test automation facilitation tools to improve overall efficiency performance of the QA development teams. Skills and Experience: Scripting automated frameworks, object orientated program language and a good knowledge of quality assurance. Test automation framework concepts and technologies Scripting automated frameworks, object orientated program language and a Good knowledge of quality assurance. QA Engineering with experience in test automation framework concepts technologies Enterprise level software development experience Microsoft Visual Studio, C, OOP, .NET ****  **** IIS Microsoft SQL Server experience (stored procedures, views, triggers) Developing test scripts using HP Testing tools: QTP, QC, and LoadRunner C ASP.NET / SQL Server Web application design programming This is a unique opening for a highly motivated who is seeking an opportunity to develop their career within a blue chip FTSE 100 organisation. Salaries for this position are extremely competitive and include an excellent corporate benefits package. For more information about this role please send your uptodate CV to Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.	Nottingham,Nottinghamshire,Derbyshire,Leicestershire,West Midlands,Birmimgham,South Yorkshire,Lincolnshire	UK		permanent	Spring Grp	IT Jobs	30000.00 - 35000.00 pa + Bonus plus benefits	32500	jobsite.co.uk	0
154747	71017029	Turkish Speaking Document Reviewers required	Our client, a magic circle law firm, require fluent speaking Turkish lawyers or experienced paralegals to work on a high profile document review. Candidates should have experience using document review platforms, and ideally have undertaken document review for top tier law firms or leading inhouse organisations. Candidates are required to be team players, as you will be working as part of an international team. You should also have an excellent eye for detail. Flexibility regarding working hours is essential. All applicants must be fluent in English Excellent rates paid.	London	London	full_time	contract	City Law Solutions	Legal Jobs	From 20 to 22.50 per hour	40800	TotallyLegal	0
213603	72237593	Transport Manager	The role of Transport Manager will be to manage a Transport Operation through a team of managers and colleagues, ensuring the demands of the business in supplying industrial products are met within budgetary and legal parameters. Based inthe Luton areakey responsibilities will include:  Give direction, guidance and support to managers, to assist them in achieving their targets, promote an atmosphere of fairness, equality and good working relations between management, colleagues and the trade union representatives.  Ensure that all areas of Transport Legislation, including operators licence and tachograph control are complied with in line with company policies and procedures  Prepare and be accountable for an annual budget, ensuring that the most cost effective use of resource is used.  Championing the Performance Management System, setting smart objectives and behavioural indicators for the management team and other colleagues where necessary.  Manage the Transport Operation to meet the service criteria of all our clients. Forecast recruitment needs and implement them to meet the needs of the business. Adapt the operation to meet changes in the criteria.  Development of Managers through ongoing training and coaching, to assist them in reaching their full potential and review effectiveness through the performance management system ensuring a robust succession plan at all times.  Ensure disciplinary procedures The successful candidate must possess a National and International CPC and will:  Have a proven track record in distribution  Have previous Transport Management of a unionised workforce.  Have a knowledge of profit and loss.  A proven track record of management of change.  A proven track record of successful business relationships, able to communicate and influence at every level. An industry leading industrial products provider. A competitive package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Please quote Michael Page reference when applying Job ref:MPTJ13280274 Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TransportManager_job****	Stevenage Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Michael Page Logistics	Other/General Jobs	31000 to 35000 per annum	33000	totaljobs.com	0
33610	68182016	Marketing Manager	THE OPPORTUNITY: Macildowie are offering an exciting opportunity to work for a brilliant household name within the Staffordshire area. This fantastic company are looking for a driven marketing specialist, looking to enter into a new role, with the desire to progress. With the potential for overseas travel, this challenging yet rewarding role is one which has so much to offer. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: The successful candidate will be expected to be confident with strategic planning in order to develop and deliver the communications plan throughout the world. They will need to be capable of technical marketing, and work with other members of the product department to identify and develop competitive selling against material, photography and videos to support the communications plan. The role is looking for someone to work within all areas of the company to coordinate attendance events, shows and product training sessions to increase the profile of the product internally and externally. EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE: Essential:  Have a strong background in strategic planning, developing and implementing communications plans along with the analysis and feedback of their results.  Practical knowledge of all communication disciplines.  An understanding of technical equipment to enable involvement in production of product benchmarking and application photography. Desirable:  Background working in design agencies and media  Ability to react quickly to promotional opportunities  Experience in developing and managing communication plan, including budget control and monitoring. If you a interested in applying for this role please email salesrecruitmentmacildowie.com If you would like to be kept informed of other current opportunities then you can connect with me on LinkedIn uk.linkedin.com/in/macildowiesalesjobsahb/ NB: As a result of the volume of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR TRAINING, FINANCE and PROCUREMENT SUPPLY CHAIN. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market. Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	Rochester	Rochester		permanent	Macildowie Associates Ltd	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	23k - 28k pa + Benefits	25500	jobsite.co.uk	0
204310	71959973	Deputy General Restaurant Manager Kent	Deputy Restaurant Manager Opportunity ****k basic plus bonus Kent An opportunity for an experienced Assistant Restaurant Manager has arisen in the Kent. My client is offering an opportunity to join one of the leading branded restaurants, they have concepts nationwide and provide a quality style of French dining. The successful candidate will be passionate about joining a forward thinking company and drive the restaurant in to another league from their competitors. The business is a vibrant and exciting brand There is so much opportunity that this is a simply your chance to get your teeth stuck in and bring the business to a whole new level. It is a very fast paced and challenging environment, within which the applicant must: Be very customer focused and present high standards at all times Have an enthusiastic and ambitious attitude Show commitment and determination Have the ability to drive their staff and business forward Show good communication skills and the ability to work alongside the management team to develop ideas Have experience in Profit and Loss (not essential) Responsibilities will include: The everyday supervising of the restaurant Management and motivation of staff Profit and Loss (training provided) Meeting your KPI goals Dealing with any customer complaints Staff incentives Staff training and recruitment Meeting the necessary customer standards Strong knowledge of budgeting and GP levels (training provided) The ideal candidate will have previous managerial experience, preferably in a restaurant environment. Previously employment in a branded fresh food restaurant chain would be a benefit. For additional vacancies, please see our website; www.appetite****recruitment.co.uk or contact Oliverappetite****recruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/DeputyGeneralRestaurantManagerKent_job****	Kent South East	Kent			Appetite4Recruitment   High End Restaurants, Pubs & Bars	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	18000 - 25000 per annum + Bonus	21500	caterer.com	0
127285	70029561	Sales AssociateLuxury Ladies BrandBirmingham	Our client is the larges t independent Bridalwear retailer with over **** stores throughout the UK , carrying exclusive designs from the best bridalwear designers in the world . They are looking for a successful bridal consultant . You will be responsible for driving sales forward and exceeding business targets . Delivering exceptional Customer service and being a brand ambassador is a priority for this brand If you enjoy a service led envirmomnte and have previous experience with a premium or bridal brand This job was originally posted as www.retailchoice.com/JobSeeking/SalesAssociateLuxuryLadiesBrandBirmingham_job****	West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		permanent	CVUK	Retail Jobs	From 12,000 to 16,000 per annum	14000	retailchoice.com	0
91515	69171333	Project Manager  PRO****	We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decisionmakers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this musthave insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. PURPOSE OF THE ROLE: The Project Manager will define, scope, initiate and manage small to medium company projects of moderate risk and complexity that are vital in supporting the company meet its objectives. Typical scope of the projects will be 3 6 months which could be cross functional and globally dispersed. Project areas may include: Infrastructure Online product development • Annual development and enhancement pipeline of our Online products and services which include our core products www.westlaw.com www.lawtel.com • Global online development pipeline Data Centres • Platform Data Centre enhancements and refreshes MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE JOB: • Defines, documents and executes projects of moderate risk and complexity, actively participating in all phases of the project. • Identifies, assesses and manages risks to the success of the project. • Drafts feasibility studies, risk assessments and statements of work. • May assist in developing business cases for large projects with significant impact to company goals. • Responsible for producing all typical project documentation: o Proposal documents/Business Cases, Project Charter, Roadmaps, Detailed project plans, Schedules, Risks and Issues Logs, Change Logs, Status Reports, Exception Reports, Cost Trackers, Post Implementation Reviews • Determines project methodology. • Defines project scope and objectives. • Agrees scope and constraints to enable costs, timescales and resource requirements for the successful completion of each project to be estimated. • Has responsibility to ensure project deliverables are demonstrably fit for purpose. • Gains commitments to ensure corrective actions are taken if costs, timescales or resources deviate from agreed tolerances. • Manages the change control procedure gaining agreement for revisions to the project from project stakeholders and ensure full impacts of significant changes are understood by project stakeholders. • Ensures all parties are aware of project scope and milestones. Highlights divergence from that scope, and adjusts it where necessary to reflect changing circumstances, acts a communication liaison. • Responsible for own project budget. Manages financials and produces financial reports as needed. • Ensures compliance with the Technology QMS and project lifecycle. • May undertake limited UK travel as required TECHNICAL/PROFESSIONAL SKIILLS AND COMPETENCIES: • Proven experience in delivering projects on time. • Influencing employees involved in projects. • Clear communication around project deliverables. • Managing 3rd parties and stakeholders. • Excellent decision making skills. • Managing organizational change. • A good understanding of financial management. • A clear understanding of the business. EXPERIENCE: • Proven trackrecord having worked within project teams within complex business environment, preferably in an online, media and/or publishing environment. • Good understanding of software processes and different lifecycle methodologies. • Sound financial acumen, in particular regarding the creation of the business case and subsequent project financial reporting. • Strong customerfacing and presentational skills, and credible with senior management. • Educated to degree standard desirable • Demonstrable experience of working as a member of project teams. • Experience of Quality Management systems desirable • Experience in the Publishing, Online or Media Industry desirable Personal Qualities • Goal orientated and action focused. • Pragmatic and self disciplined. • Good planning and organisational capability. • Strong communicator (written and verbal). • Self motivated with ability to motivate others. • Ability to delegate. • Collaborative team worker. • Follows up, executes, completes tasks • Customer focused. • Logical and analytical approach to problem solving. • Keen desire to learn and strive for personal development. At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one  collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With over **** employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance  and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drugfree workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit careers.thomsonreuters.com. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerPRO****_job****	North West London London South East	London		permanent	Thomson Reuters	Legal Jobs	35000 - 39999	37499	totaljobs.com	0
190964	71748660	Marketing Assistant	This well known and established marketing recruitment consultancy is looking to take on a couple of bright graduates with some proven marketing experience to act as generalist marketing assistants for a 9 month contract period. The company is lean and committed to excellence in everything it does and applicants will need to demonstrate a willingness to roll up sleeves, be comfortable with different roles from data entry to web site updates to cv inputting and meeting organisation. An outgoing personality combined with a passion for detail is essential as is an enjoyment of and facility for computer software packages and social media.	London	London		contract		PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	20k - 25k	22500	simplymarketingjobs.co.uk	0
85576	69082437	Sub Agent	The company The company is a world leading national civil engineering and build company and are seeking a Sub Agent. With a history of over 90 years and recently achieving a turnover of over **** billion, they hold a strong market position. They are looking to expand their civils based production team in London after being extremely successful in winning a number of rail and tunnelling projects which includes the high profile Cross rail Schemes, so they want to increase their number of Sub Agent. They have rail schemes that have already began, and schemes that will be starting in London over the next few months of which value between 80m and ****m. The Sub Agent will initially be based on a very prestigious project in the Central London area. Sub Agent London  **** ****K  Package  flexi pot  Main Contractor The right person  A Sub Agent  5  years previous experience in an Engineering role  Ideally degree educated in a relevant field  Must have worked on station upgrades and/or on London Underground  Come from a Civil engineering background  Will have worked with a large UK main contractor  architectural/ Fit out Experience is essential More details of the role: The company requires a SubAgent to join the Architectural fitout team. Reporting to the Architectural Section Manager, the successful candidate would be responsible for assisting the Agent with various building packages on the new station and modernisation of the existing station. Good understanding, experience and knowledge of all aspects of building / fitout works is a must, London Underground experience is a prerequisite. The candidate will assist with scoping packages of works, reviewing method statements / risk assessments, assisting with commercial control, production of ITP s s, checking installations and supporting documentation and attending subcontractors meeting. The candidate must be able to review drawings from an engineering view, assist in the development of programmes of works, and organise all the access t hesitate to contact Philippa Dickinson on (Apply online only) or (url removed) Unfortunately, if you do not hear from me without 3 days please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion	City of London, London	The City		permanent	Fawkes Reece	Engineering Jobs	32000 - 40000/annum Package	36000	cv-library.co.uk	0
217044	72248831	Internal Sales Projects Engineer	Internal Sales Projects Engineer Location: Derbyshire Excellent salary with company benefits The company are leaders in their field and have a new requirement for an Internal Sales Engineer to join the business. Essential Requirements: HNC or degree in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent) Previous internal or external Sales experience, including project handling Job Purpose: To ensure continued growth of the Company s business through optimum service being given to customers and all sales personnel. Duties To independently manage contracts, review technically and make commercial proposals to meet the customer requirements. Take the lead role in arranging and running of Contract reviews at enquiry and / or order stage, ensuring all Technical, Quality Assurance and Purchasing matters are resolved. Deal with project type business, particularly those enquiries containing a high degree of technical and commercial content, and also defence related customers. To independently manage a range of process type enquiries and propose suitable technical and commercial solutions to the customers requirements. Follow up selected quotations in conjunction with the Area Sales Engineers and record feedback on the enquiry log system. Ensure that all customer order documentation requirements are compiled within the required timescales. Ensure that products are sold profitably as determined by the business. Ensure response to enquiries, orders and all other activities are according to identified timescales. Ensure that customer complaints are handled according to Company policy. Liaise with all departments in the Company, Agents and Customers. To develop and maintain knowledge and work within Company policies, practices, systems, procedures and product knowledge. Deal with Customer Visits as required. Ensure all orders that result from a quotation conform in all aspects to the terms offered before processing / entering the order on to the system. Evaluate requests for returned goods and raising initial paperwork for action in accordance with the returned goods procedure. In conjunction with the relevant Area Sales Engineer, visit customers as required. Person Requirements / Qualifications Experience Essential requirements: HNC or degree in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent) Previous internal and/or external Sales experience, including project handling High level of sales awareness and commercial judgement The ability to communicate tactfully and clearly Computer literacy Ability to prioritise heavy and variable workload Professional attitude to all aspects of customer care Competent with Microsoft project, word, excel Preferred: Previous experience in heavy industry Understands demands of an ISO 9001 environment or similar Proven history of complex technical contracts as per clients specification This is a fantastic opportunity to join a progressive business that can offer a secure future. Interested applicants, please forward a copy of your CV details to Beverley.reavillprofessionaltechnical.com (Agy) Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the engineering and technical talent so that our clients can focus on the core elements of engineering. Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	Derbyshire	Derbyshire		permanent	Professional Technical Ltd	Engineering Jobs	20k - 27k pa + Full Benefits	23500	jobsite.co.uk	0
115351	69763812	Operations Manager Student Accommodation	An experienced Operations / General Manager is sought to join a leading, contemporary student accommodation provider in one of their properties in zone **** London. The Operations / General Manager will manage a brand new 670 bed student accommodation and a full onsite team. Set to be the best student accommodation in London; the General/Operations Manager will be responsible for achieving targeted sales, driving great customer service to deliver an exceptional student experience and managing the daily operation of the asset  including health and safety and maintenance activity.	London	London	full_time			Other/General Jobs	45,000.00 - 50,000.00 per year Bonus	47500	Jobcentre Plus	1
224288	72406413	Design Engineer	Design Engineer Based in Oxford Salary ********pa We have been in business for 27 years and been a leading name in Garden Tractors and Ride on Mowers. Due to expansion we looking for a Mechanical Design Engineer to Design and develop cutting edge mechanical or electromechanical products for us. We are looking for a design engineer with good knowledge of Sheet metal design ideally using Solidworks. Who can analyze product scope, specifications and performance requirements to determine designs which can be produced by existing manufacturing or processing facilities and methods. Determine feasibility of designing new product or modifying existing products considering costs, time limitations, company planning, and other technical and economic factors. Provide technical information concerning manufacturing products, materials, properties, and process advantages and limitations which affect long range plant and product engineering planning. Prepare or direct preparation of product layout, detailed drawings, bills of materials and schematics. Compile and analyze operational, test, and research data to establish performance standards for newly designed or modified equipment or product. Analyze test data and report to determine if design meets functional and performance specifications. Confer with research and other engineering personnel and prepare design modifications as required. Engineering test results for possible application to developments of systems or other uses. Must exhibit a high level of proficiency with CAD and Solidworks. Effectively collaborate and manage interactions with the Model Shop, Internal and External Customers and Suppliers. Exhibit understanding of the manufacturing and lean process(es). Demonstrate success in managing small projects. Education and/or Experience Bachelor s degree (B. A.) plus **** to 5 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Computer Skills Must be comfortable with Office products; requires high level of proficiency with CAD; experience with ProE and/or Solid Works a plus. Certificates, Licenses, Registration Valid driver s license is required. Orion Electrotech Ltd acts as both an Employment Business and Employment Agency and complies with the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations Act ****	Oxfordshire	Oxfordshire		permanent	Orion Electrotech	Engineering Jobs	35000 - 40000/annum	37500	cv-library.co.uk	0
88738	69144144	Head of Science	Head of Science Required – September 2013 Head of Science required at an ‘Outstanding’ school in Barking & Dagenham… Are you a Science teacher with years of experience? Are you ready to take the next step to Middle Management within a large comprehensive? Head of Science MPS/UPS  TLR Full time permanent position Excellent transport links Enthusiastic & successful science department ’Outstanding School’ as deemed by OFSTED in **** This is a larger than average secondary school serves an ethnically diverse student population. The largest groups of students come from White British or Black African heritages. The proportion of students who are known to be eligible for free school meals is much higher than average. The proportion of students with English as an additional language is also significantly higher than the national average. This is no ordinary school The Head Teacher and the Leadership team have worked extremely hard to make this school a success. The school sees communication with parents as central to its work and the systems are remarkable. Indeed, when staff compiled a list of what makes their school exceptional, at the very top of the list was the administration team and exceptional communication with parents and passing on messages. My client school has exceptionally strong systems to ensure that parental concerns do not fall through the net. The key to the success of the school is the 'zero tolerance' policy towards even minor transgressions. The condition of the buildings with no hint of litter or gum is testimony to the high regard with which students and staff treat the environment. The science department is currently made up of a dedicated team of teachers and a very determined Head of Department. However, the current Head of Science has taken a promotion at another school. He leaves behind, a determined team of inspirational teachers… As the new Head of Science, you will be responsible for raising the attainment levels in this key subject. You will be reporting directly to the Head Teacher, who has been described as “an inspiration to all” by his current members of staff. If you have the right level of teaching experience to make the step up to HOD, or you are a current HOD but would like a new challenge, please send your full CV to Alison at Edustaff immediately.	London	London	full_time	permanent	Edustaff	Teaching Jobs	From 39,452 to 51,195 per year	45323	jobsineducation.co.uk	1
182272	71603309	Disrepair Surveyor	Our Local Authority Client based in North London are recruiting for an experienced Building Surveyor to work within their Housing Disrepair Team. You must have a working knowledge of Disrepair protocol, including **** Landlord and Tenant Act and the **** Environmental Act Experience of standing as Expert Witness would be an advantage however is not essential MRICS or similar qualification desired but not essential Ongoing position for the successful candidateHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T and Cs, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays	Buckinghamshire - Bourne End	Bourne End	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	Admin Jobs	46464-48576	47520	london4jobs.co.uk	1
184093	71643162	Brand Director	Leading middleeastern retailer seek a commercially astute Brand Director to maximise the profitability of one of their leading brands. A proactive, commercially focused and profit driven Brand Director is required to develop the highquality and on trend brand throughout the region. This person must have an international outlook and have worked for some of the world's largest blue chip businesses, with general management experience of working across multiple brands and countries. You will have full P L accountability with a strong operations focus through strategic brand development and business planning. An exceptional communicator is sought to maintain and develop relationships with the host brand as well as to lead and supervise a solid team of strong managers in operative functions. A proven trackrecord of delivering results is compulsory alongside competitive negotiation skills. The successful individual will be very youthful and dynamic with a flair for influencing at all levels and be comfortable managing complexity. The ideal candidate must have vast experience gained in retail and wholesale businesses including considerable time spent in senior management positions. Strong practice of multichannel experience is compulsory along with expertise of delivering consistent customer service. You will come from a handson background in operations and will have directorship and business development experience of large retail store chains. International experience is preferred but is not a prerequisite. This is an opportunity not to be missed to join a highly successful multinational franchise operator offering a competitive taxfree package in return for success. You will be pushed to your limits to drive your career forward as well as working in a fastpaced and dynamic environment. The international city that is Dubai is waiting for you.	Asia	UK			Exsurgo	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
85509	69082033	Maintenance Engineer	Overview: Part of a leading global manufacturer this food company is now looking for a Maintenance Engineer to join its expanding team. With heavy investment within its engineering function this is an exciting time to join the business who can offer a fantastic package. The Company: This leading food manufacturer has been supplying our demand for high quality produce in all major retailers. With a growing work force well into the thousands and a turnover in the tens of millions they have now become one of the world s leading producers in its market. Established over half a century ago they are now enjoying further growth and have now diversified its product range. They are now looking for a Maintenance Engineer to join their team of excellent employees and are offering a package unrivalled in its field. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: The responsibilities of a Maintenance Engineer in the factory will be to look at both the planned and reactive maintenance as well as assisting all production staff on a daily basis. A continual focus on improving the line and making sure downtime is reduced will also play large part of the role and will be involved in key projects surrounding this matter. Key Skills: If you would like to be considered for the role of Maintenance Engineer you will be a qualified engineer with an electrical bias. Working on a variety of machinery you will have a previous experience in a manufacturing facility. You must possess the required electrical skills teamed with strong PLC skills, programming is not a necessity however you must understand the principles of fault finding as well as being able to conduct basic modifications. Benefits: Overtime  bonus  pension  private healthcare Salary: up to **** Commutable from: Reading, Berkshire, Salisbury, Wiltshire, Basingstoke, Hampshire, Camberley, Surrey Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Electrical Engineer, Maintenance Technician, Engineering Technician and Maintenance Fitter If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details	Berkshire, South East	Berkshire		permanent	Pioneer Selection Ltd	Engineering Jobs	33000/annum Overtime + bonus + pension	33000	cv-library.co.uk	0
36941	68285940	PreSales Consultant	Prestigious opportunity with a pioneering independent management consultancy, dedicated to providing specialist expertise within the complex and emerging technology markets. Their solutions enable partners and clients to perform at the highest level with ground breaking results. Responsible for defining and designing innovative and creative solutions, successful candidates will possess a proven track record with extensive global, practical, crosssector exposure, combined with firsthand implementation experience. We are seeking Consultants with gravitas and presence gained within the Professional Services, Telecoms, Systems Integrator or Consulting sector. You will possess an inspiring nature with drive and enthusiasm to deliver the very best to our clients. We are seeking individuals with a background in technology  Unified Communications, Telecommunications or Infrastructure, with skills in PreSales, Product Management or Programme Management. This is a high profile new role with one of our strategic partners, to discuss this further in confidence please do not hesitate to contact me.	London	London		permanent		Other/General Jobs	55,000-75,000 + benefits	65000	hays.co.uk	1
47106	68573571	Locum MSK Outpatients Physiotherapist Newcastle	JustPhysio are currently looking for a Band 6 locum physiotherapist to work in a MSK O/P setting for a client of ours based in Newcastle. This is a part time position, 2 days a week. Start Date: ASAP Duration: Ongoing Hours of Work: Part Time You will also have access to the full range of JustPhysio benefits incentive schemes To apply for more physiotherapy jobs, please contact the JustPhysio team directly on N/A or send your CV to info N/A .uk  Refer a friend for this job and earn **** cash As a sole or preferred supplier to the NHS and Private healthcare providers across the UK; we have access to the very latest physiotherapy job opportunities in your area, please contact us for details or visit our website N/A .uk	Tyne and Wear - Newcastle Upon Tyne	Newcastle Upon Tyne	part_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Admin Jobs	50688 - 54912	52800	ukstaffsearch.com	1
96916	69251007	Systems Administrator / Analyst	We are currently seeking to employ a System Administrator to work within the IT team at our head office in Birkenhead. The role will require the applicant to work within the IT team in a busy office and will involve the administration of the various systems that are used by the engineering and software development teams. These systems include Oracle databases, EMC SAN storage, HP Blade servers, VMWare ESXi and vSphere, and Citrix XenApp. Candidates should have qualifications in a computing field and have experience in supporting front and back end systems within a busy work place. Required skills and experience:  Experience in Oracle Database administration is preferred but experience with MS SQL server and a good knowledge of SQL will also be considered  Administration of VMWare services using vSphere ****  Administration of Citrix XenApp and Secure Gateway  Administration of fibre channel SAN Storage systems and fibre channel switches  Use of Backup Exec to back up the databases, VMs and other servers  Administration of Windows Server and Desktop Operating Systems and applications The successful applicant will have excellent communication and organisational skills, will be selfmotivated, enthusiastic and ambitious. A mathematical background would be advantageous. Training will be provided. A full driving licence is preferred. Further information about the post is available from the careers section of our website, URL removed Please apply by submitting your cv and covering letter, quoting reference ****/2013 to jobscrowderconsult.co.uk	Birkenhead	Birkenhead		permanent	Crowder Consulting	IT Jobs	20,000+ depending on exp	20000	jobsite.co.uk	0
244105	72694268	ERP Technician	ERP Technician  Oxford  Up to ****k Computer Futures are currently looking for an ERP Technician / Analyst / Developer to join a rapidly expanding team in the Oxford area. This opportunity has the potential to get your career progressing quickly and a chance to grow with an organisation. The successful candidate will have the following: Experience in ERP Efficient with Microsoft Excel SQL Experience SAP Experience Experience with Microsoft Access Crystal Reports Analysis experience This role is urgent and suitable candidates will be interviewed immediately if this role is of interest and you have relevant skill set please do not hesitate to reply with an up to date version of your CV.To find out more about Computer Futures please visit www.computerfutures.com	Oxford Oxfordshire England	Oxford			Computer Futures	IT Jobs	20000 -25000 per annum	22500	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
69335	68805520	Assistant Mechanical Design Engineer	Introduction We are currently recruiting for an Assistant Mechanical Design Engineer to work on water and wastewater projects for a leading global consultancy. Important Basic understanding of water and wastewater projects within the UK Water Industry The Job ASSISTANT MECHANICAL DESIGN ENGINEER About the Role You ll work within a team to provide Technical Support on Water and / or Wastewater projects to ensure accurate and efficient project delivery for internal and external clients. This will involve attending and contributing to projects meeting as well as providing guidance to, and managing the work of, Graduate and Technicians working on the same projects. About You With a HND/C or Degree in an Engineering, Environmental or Numerate Science related subject you ll demonstrate a basic understanding of water and wastewater projects within the UK Water Industry. With good presentation, written and verbal communication skills in English you ll be competent in the use of MS Office. You ll have the ability to work on your own initiative on technical matters as well as a willingness to work on Secondment in Client Offices. You ll also have a driving licence. Our client Our client is a leading infrastructure and business services group that works in partnership with its public services clients to improve the daytoday lives of millions of people. They provide advisory, design, project delivery and managed services associated with infrastructure and business services across the highways and transportation, local government and utilities markets. They have more than **** staff, a number of offices located across the UK and a turnover of pound;551.4 million. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.	Yorkshire	Yorkshire and Humberside			Matchtech Group plc.	Engineering Jobs	25,000 - 30,000/yr	27500	rengineeringjobs.com	0
165809	71294587	Service Monitoring and Performance Analyst	Reporting to the Resource and Business Planning Manager, the role will provide operational support through intraday realtime service monitoring and analysis of inbound and outbound contact performance across all media channels. The primary objective of the role is to ensure that services optimise all available resource and tools in order to achieve contractual performance targets in the most efficient and cost effective manner. The job holder will be expected to develop and maintain highly effective working relationships with operational teams at all levels across multiple sites. Required Experience:  Educated to degree level or equivalent life/work experience.  Evidence of the ability to understand and communicate contact centre metrics and to evaluate performance against KPIs.  Experience of working in a contact centre resource planning department utilising workforce management tools. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Manchester, Greater Manchester	Manchester		permanent	Adecco	Customer Services Jobs	21100/annum excellent company benefits	21100	cv-library.co.uk	0
182959	71619410	Dental : Dental Nurse GDN****	Dental Nursing Post in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire MediCruit Dental Recruitment are sourcing a Qualified Dental Nurse, to work within this mixed dental practice in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire This practice requires a full time Dental Nurse working 36 hours per week. Suitable applicants must be registered with the General Dental Council, as well as having successfully completed a recognized Dental Nursing course. This role requires the Dental Nurse to be responsible for chair side assistance including;  Preparing the Surgery for Dental Treatment  Cleaning the Dental Surgery  Taking Responsibility for CrossInfection Standards  Talking to Patients about their dental treatment  Using the Dental Software Package to input future appointments, charting and other dental patient records The practice is also supportive of their Dental Nursing team in undertaking additional CPD related activities which are of benefit to the Dental Practice. In return the employer will offer a competitive salary and full support with your training. You must be eligible to work in the United Kingdom; thus you must either hold a passport from an EU Country or a valid work permit to work fulltime hours in this country. MediCruit Dentistry is a niche Dental Recruitment Consultancy and Dental Practice Brokers. MediCruit Dentistry are acting as an agency in relation to this Dental Opportunity. MediCruit Dentistry recruits for the whole Dental Spectrum and also sources applicants for Dental Reception, Dental Sales and Dental Practice Management Roles. For further information please apply to this vacancy and we will endeavour to contact you within fortyeight hours. All applications are treated confidentially and your CV would never be sent to any potential employer or third party without your prior permission.	Hertfordshire	Hertfordshire		permanent		Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	16640 - 22880. Frequency: Annually	19760	jobs4medical.co.uk	0
2351	54711368	Staff Nurse	Staff Nurse, Nursing Home, Norwich White Recruitment is currently looking for a Registered Nurse (RGN, RMN or RNLD) with a naturally caring nature for a small nursing home in Norwich. As well as good care quality reports, the home boasts a comforting and caring atmosphere for the elderly, Dementia, Old Age patients that it accommodates. My client is one of the leading companies in this provision of patient orientated care and they are looking for outstanding clinicians to join their ever expanding organisation. Your role will include: **** hours/nights Supervision and management of all care staff on your shift Respond to incidents in a professional and appropriate manor Assess clients' care needs, and provide direct nursing care when required Maintain accurate, individualised care plans for each client Establish and maintain good communication with clients, relatives and colleagues The Candidate: Must be a qualified Registered General Nurse, Registered learning disabilities nurse or Mental Health Nurse Must have at least 1 years experience working with elderly clients Experience of working with dementia patients, ideal but not essential Must be able to work on your own initiative and as part of a team Ability to communicate effectively Must have an active NMC Pin Number Must be able to complete an enhanced CRB check Salary: up to **** pro rata or **** per hour dependent on experience. If you think you are suitable please send your details to andreawhiterecruitment.com or call me on **** **** **** If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Norwich, Norfolk	Norwich				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	24336 to 24336 per year	24336	careworx.co.uk	0
210839	72193499	Senior Pensions Payroll Administrator	Take forward your career within the payroll department of this leading ThirdParty Administrator. You will be involved with all aspects of payroll including calculations, answering queries from pensioners and clients and reconciliation of PAYE. Highly accurate you will check the work of junior members of the team and will provide training. You will ensure the smooth running of the payroll. To be successful you will need to have superb numeracy skills and attention to detail. Previous payroll experience is essential as well as checking and training. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent.Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.	Kent	Kent		permanent	Sammons Pensions	Accounting & Finance Jobs	GBP - 23000 per annum	11500	professionalpensionsjobs.com	0
189744	71737181	C++ Developer  STL, OO DESIGN, MULTITHREAD  StateArt S/WARE	C++ Developer / Programmer  LONDON My client are a pioneering telecommunications company. World leaders, with brand new offices in central London, they can offer a modern office with free gym, onsite bar and subsidised canteen as well as a LARGE BONUS, full and comprehensive benefits package and a first class development team to work alongside. Their technology is truly exciting. They are currently designing a fleet of satellites to launch into space alongside US aerospace manufacturer. With a large contract in place, my client are financially secure and well placed to sail through the recession. We are currently looking for a C++ developer to join one of the key development teams at the head office in London. THIS IS AN ENVIRONMENT THAT ACTIVELY ENCOURAGES NEW IDEAS. You can and will make a real difference to the company right from the word go. ESSENTIAL SKILLS: Extensive C++ programming experience. Knowledge of OO design and programming concepts. Exposure and experience of multithreaded programming on Windows and ideally Linux platforms. Methodical approach to designing and testing software. Familiarity with Microsoft Developer Studio IDE. Proven experience of programming and debugging in a Windows environment. Experience with using Templates and STL. Experience of using a software configuration management tool. Strong organisational and communication skills. Knowledge and experience of the complete software life cycle. 	london greater london	London		permanent		IT Jobs	50000	50000	technojobs.co.uk	1
193741	71772877	Mechanical Engineer  ProE Wildfire	Mechanical Engineer  ProE Wildfire Our client a wellestablished organisation based in Crawley, near Gatwick West Sussex, is looking for a Mechanical Engineer with ProE Wildfire **** experience. Main responsibilities:  Develop creative and innovative design solutions for new and existing mechanical assemblies.  Work with other departments, customers and suppliers to provide practical technical solutions.  Use experience and knowledge to assist in the production of defendable evidence of design robustness.  Provide quality products, their testing and documentation release as required by regulations  Ensure timely release in order to achieve planned completion dates. The successful Mechanical Engineer must be proficient in ProE Wildfire **** and be computer literate with standard Microsoft applications. If you are an experienced Mechanical Engineer with excellent knowledge of ProE Wildfire **** please apply now for immediate consideration.	Sussex Crawley RH100	Broadfield		contract	Clearwater People Solutions	Engineering Jobs	22.00 - 26.00 GBP Hourly	46080	jobg8.com	1
178500	71556819	Experienced warehouse/FLT driver	Our client requires an additional warehouse operative to join their busy team. You will have worked in a warehouse environment and hold a VALID Counterbalance license and can demonstrate commercial experience of using the truck in tight warehouse spaces and loading and unloading trailers safely and effectively. You will also be responsible for the general housekeeping of the warehouse. This role will operate on a 3 shift rota of earlies (****), lates (****) and nights (****) with occassional weekend hours if production requires it. This role is a genuine temporary to permanent opportunity for the right candidate	Radstock, Somerset	Radstock		permanent	Simple Recruitment  Ltd	Manufacturing Jobs	7.20 - 8.60/hour	15168	cv-library.co.uk	0
105603	69584885	Qualified Person QP	A wellestablished Pharmaceutical manufacturer is currently looking to expand their management team in the way of a Qualified Person to take responsibility for batch control and release of IMP and Commercial products. The responsibilities of the QP / Qualified Person are as follows:  Batch release  To provide QA support training across site  Work alongside the QC lab  Work closely with the manufacturing teams to suggest and drive improvements  Investigation and resolution of customer concerns  Ensure all manufacturing work complies with the EU GMP/FDA approvals The successful QP / Qualified Person will have the following skills/experience:  Registered QP IMP  Conversant with FDA MHRA regulatory requirements  Auditing experience  Quality management experience  Strong problem solving capabilities and lean manufacturing experience is beneficial  Excellent communication skills View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.	East of England, Essex	UK			JAM Recruitment Ltd	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
34316	68214330	Subsea Systems Engineer	This Globally renowned subsea engineering company are offering a highly unique opportunity to be involved in front end engineering design for the field development department. The company are known for heavy investment in the development of subsea technologies across the world and are looking to add ton their team a subsea engineer that has core experience in early stage design of subsea production / control systems. This small team will allow the successful candidate a great opportunity to explore Design in a supportive and autonomous environment. The successful candidate will be: Engineering Graduate from a recognised university ****  10 years subsea experience for an oil and gas company. (Subsea Control / Production / Instrumentation engineer Stable Career Background Heavy Background in Design (FEED / PreFEED / Concept  will be a distinct advantage) The salary package is extremely competitive (above ****'**** per annnum for the right level of experience) The benefit packages are very centred around a strong work life balance and includes Pensions, Healthcare ect. Please contact me on the details below if you, or anyone you know are interested in finding out more detail about this position. Progressive Global Energy & Natural Resources is proud to be a member of EIC	Woking,	Woking			Progressive Recruitment	Creative & Design Jobs	80000 - 110000 UK Pounds/year	95000	OilCareers.com	1
21275	67302595	Software Test Engineer  Wireless Communications	A rewarding opportunity for a competent Software Test Engineer with a solid understanding of wireless communications protocols coupled with proven scripting / programming skills. This exciting company offers a generous basic salary together with numerous benefits and excellent career development possibilities. The successful Software Test Engineer will take responsibility for WLAN software and system level feature integration, debug and test including the development of test strategies and test plans. You will play a key part in delivering software test results within agreed timescales. Ideally qualified to Degree level in Electronic Engineering or Computer Science you should have proven experience of at least one scripting or programming language and must be fully conversant with software test methodologies. Familiarity with wireless communications protocols such as UWB, GSM, UMTS or Bluetooth would be highly beneficial. This is a great opportunity for an experienced Software Test Engineer to utilise both their technical abilities and strong analytical skills within the Wireless Communications sector. Apply now for full details	Avon, South West	Avon		permanent	Technical Futures Ltd	Engineering Jobs	30000 - 40000/annum Bonus + Health Cover + Pension etc	35000	cv-library.co.uk	0
81794	69036565	Oracle BI Reporting Support Analyst (OBIEE, EBS R****)	An Oracle BI Reporting and Support Analyst (OBIEE) is required by my market leading Client based in Bedfordshire to work within Oracle Support Team supporting a newly implemented Oracle EBusiness Suite (R****). The Oracle BI Reporting and Support Analyst (OBIEE) will possess the ability to work heavily with all types of Financial and HR reporting Key Responsibilities: Provide Oracle reporting leadership and support to Finance and HR users and Super Users Answer queries from the business on BI tools / reporting Deliver standard reports for monthly/annual and ad hoc reporting cycles Deliver customised reports as agreed with the users Provide productisation of the user interface (standalone or prebuilt analytics) Provide training to new users /super users where required Validate user change requests relating to reporting and contribute to developing the Finance and HR systems roadmap Take a proactive role in developing and launching improvements and greater utilisation of Oracle to support business improvement initiatives Support Oracle development and upgrade projects from a functional perspective Knowledge Experience Oracle DB ****g experience; Oracle EBS R**** experience (Finance and HR) The ideal candidate should have a minimum of 5 years of OBIEE experience Excellent Informatica **** Skills (ETL), DAC and BI RPD experience Excellent SQL knowledge with data modelling techniques for relational and multidimensional data bases Database implementation and performance optimisation Excellent verbal and written communication skills Good problem solver with strong client facing skills Excellent communication, strong problem solving skills and a desire to improve business processes Display strong credibility and knowledge of the technical and business concepts involved in BI in finance and HR environments. Knowledge of OBIEE and OBI Apps ****x would be an advantage If you are looking for a role within an expanding organisation which is already at the top of its market and you are keen to push your own skillset to the next level, then this could be a great fit for you. If you are interested, please send your most up to date CV to mark.bolerredrockconsulting.co.uk and call **** **** **** for any more information. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleBIReportingSupportAnalystOBIEEEBSR****_job****	Bedfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Redrock Consulting Ltd	IT Jobs	42000 - 54999 per annum + great progression + package	48499	cwjobs.co.uk	1
192631	71760324	IT Service Desk Analyst (2nd line support)	We are looking for a new IT Service Desk Analyst / help desk ( 2nd line support )  Windows XP, Microsoft Office 2010, Active Directory Administration for our team to provide both technical expertise and excellent service to our customers. Skills  2nd line support , Windows XP, Microsoft Office2010, Active Directory Administration The main duties include:  Providing an excellent level of customer service at all times.  2nd line technical analysis of incidents requests recorded via the IT Service Desk.  Ensuring that all target service level agreements, company policies procedures are adhered to.  Taking ownership of incidents or requests following assignment.  Support the transfer of knowledge throughout the team.  Support Front line Analysts when required to ensure the correct logging, prioritising and escalation of incidents/requests.  Ensuring that the diagnosis of impact and urgency leads to correct prioritisation of work. Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITServiceDeskAnalyst2ndlinesupport_job****	Glasgow Lanarkshire Scotland	UK		contract	Spring Technology	IT Jobs	90.00 - 110 per day	24000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
150093	70764815	Asbestos Analyst/Surveyor  P****/****/****  West Midlands	An excellent opportunity has arisen for an Asbestos Analyst/Surveyor to work in the Midlands area based out of the office of a Specialist Asbestos Consultancy in Birmingham. The ideal candidate will be suitably qualified and experienced in the Asbestos field. The starting salary for this role is between ****k depending on your relevant experience. Qualifications  P**** P**** and P**** qualified. A full driving license is essential. Experience  1 years experience in the asbestos field Salary  ****k depending on your experience Company  Specialist Asbestos Consultancy Working as an Asbestos Analyst/Surveyor your duties will include: Asbestos surveying Air monitoring Fibre counting 4stage clearance procedures Travel around West Midlands Benefits: Company vehicle Company phone 20 days annual leave Annual pay review Career development Interested? For an initial, noncommittal discussion about this Asbestos vacancy or other opportunities in the sector, please do not hesitate to call Jon Davies of Penguin Recruitment on (Apply online only). Alternatively you can email your CV in word format and we ll call you back. Emails to	Birmingham	Birmingham		permanent	Penguin Recruitment	Other/General Jobs	20000 - 25000/annum Benefits	22500	cv-library.co.uk	0
82968	69043155	Senior QA Test Analyst	As a growing financial firm in Central London we are looking for a senior QA Test Analysts to complement our development team. You will work closely with the developers and business analysts to test enhancements to the firm’s web based financial application. We are looking for C.V’s from candidates with the following skillset: Conversant with testing processes such as System Testing, Regression Testing, Load Testing, Stress Testing and Acceptance Testing Good understanding of Agile methodologies Well versed in preparing Test Plans and Test cases and executing them Ability to communicate effectively with development team members and the business regarding product issues and concerns. In addition the candidate will need to have the following personal attributes: Excellent Communicator Fast Learner Problem solver – mathematically minded Ability, and willingness, to be proactive and pragmatic in resolving issues. Be able to prioritise and manage own workload Previous financial experience would be a bonus, but is not a prerequisite. We are looking more for someone who is enthusiastic about what they do, who is willing to adapt to the changing requirements of a growing company, and is quick to pick up new skills. This is an opportunity to join a growing company and gain knowledge in the financial markets. The successful candidate will receive a salary package of up to **** a 9% pension contribution, and will be eligible for the company’s discretionary bonus scheme after a qualifying probationary period. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorQATestAnalyst_job****	City London South East	London		permanent	Praemium	IT Jobs	Up to 40,000 per annum	40000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
37947	68295106	International Marketing Executive	Our client is a global investment management firm with around **** billion in funds under management. Headquartered in London they run their international marketing team and are currently looking for an international marketing executive for a 3 month temporary contract. The International marketing team makes a significant contribution to business growth across key expansion areas.Key responsibilities: Supporting sales team across France, Spain, Portugal and Italy  Provide support to the Head of International Wholesale Marketing and other team members in delivering campaign plans and other related marketing activities  Provide marketing support for planning and literature production.  Work with local marketing teams on local websites  Assist in international digital campaigns  Undertake regular and adhoc material updates  Monitor and maintain a schedule of required updates  Produce monthly product focused newsletters  Conduct analysis of activities and provide interpretation and recommendationsCandidate Requirements: You must have a minimum 2 years experience of a marketing role within finanial services (ideally asset management)  Fluency in a second European language is essential  Experience of managing digital content, email campaigns, company brochures, brand guidelines and 3rd party suppliers  Educated to degree level  Good research, analysis, synthesis and presentation skills	Hertfordshire - Letchworth Garden City	Letchworth Garden City	full_time	contract	UKStaffsearch	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	39600 - 47520	43560	ukstaffsearch.com	1
215914	72243730	Electronics Test Engineer  EMC/RF	Our client provide a range of services including consultancy, inspections and tests as well as certification and training. They are now seeking an Electronics Test Engineer to assist with EMC testing on a range of consumer and industrial products. Seeking either an experienced Electronics Test Engineer / Technician or a fresh college leaver with a HNC or HND in Electrical / Electronics Engineering to join a small team of Test Engineers measuring the EMC on a range of consumer and industrial products including televisions, marine equipment and laboratory test equipment. 75% of the time will be spent on testing products but other duties and responsibilities are listed below; Duties and Responsibilities  EMC Testing in both Screened Enclosure and Insitu.  Electronic Logbook Keeping Data Collation.  Test Equipment / Method development evaluation.  Assistance to customers during investigation phase of their EMC test programme  Technical Validation of clients' requirements (may require site visits).  Assistance to sales with provision of quotes as required  Involvement in Continuous Improvement projects. Essential Skills / Experience  HNC in Engineering or equivalent experience  RF engineering knowledge  Ability to multitask and address testing in parallel with reporting.  Good IT skills i.e. Microsoft Office, Word, Excel.  Good commercial awareness.  Flexibility and willingness to work offsite or conduct shift work, where required.  Good communication skills and customer care.  Full Driving Licence. Desirable  Knowledge of EMC specifications and application of tests  Working knowledge of international compliance requirements including R TTE directive, EMC Directive and FCC requirements To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectronicsTestEngineerEMCRF_job****	Stratford-Upon-Avon Warwickshire West Midlands	Stratford-Upon-Avon		permanent	Matchtech	Engineering Jobs	20000 - 27000 per annum	23500	totaljobs.com	0
145891	70701783	Vauxhall Human Resources Bedfordshire/Cheshire	Vauxhall is a major UK employer, with around **** people employed directly or indirectly through our company activities. Our direct head count amounts to some **** people at our Luton, Ellesmere Port and other locations. **** people work within our Retail Network, and a further **** are employed within our UK supply chain. Choosing Vauxhall Motors for your industrial placement will bring you lots of opportunities. We offer a wide range of training in skills that are both technical and transferable, and we give all our undergraduates real responsibilities. You&rsquoll have the chance to work on projects within your support area, find out how a worldwide organisation works, and get involved with the local community through our undergraduate community projects. All of our undergraduates are fully supported on the scheme. You&rsquoll have a personal mentor, to guide your career development, and you&rsquoll also get to enjoy the social side of Vauxhall. We recruit over **** undergraduates every year We are offering eight placement roles in Human Resources: Undergraduate Programme Assistant HR Assistant (two roles available) HR Advisor (two roles available) Assistant HR Officer Compensation & Benefits Health & Safety and Communications Assistant Personnel & Training Officer To Apply: All applicants need to REGISTER their details on strikejobs.co.uk in order to apply for this role.	Cheshire	Cheshire	full_time	permanent	E4S	Admin Jobs	16500	16500	strike-jobs.co.uk	0
185160	71674652	Syndicate Accounting Manager	Working within the Finance department of a listed group of companies operating within the Lloyd`s insurance market. Responsible for all aspects of Syndicate Accounting for live Syndicates, including the management of timetables, technical aspects affecting the accounting for syndicates, the production of all ledger information necessary for the preparation of management information and regulatory returns, the liaison with underwriters, actuaries, senior management and auditors to ensure efficient and accurate reporting. The role will be responsible for the interpretation and implementation of Lloyd`s accounting rules, for the implementation and maintenance of a sound system of controls and for the introduction of process improvements across the entities. The role will be su Technical Skills Essential:  Confident use of Excel to advanced level  Experience with accounting software (Dynamics)  Working knowledge of reporting requirements imposed by UK GAAP, Lloyd`s accounting rules, Companies Act, IFRS.  Working knowledge of tax regulations, including income tax and VAT.  Knowledge of Lloyd`s software. Education and Qualifications Essential:  Qualified Accountant (ACCA, CIMA, ACA). Desirable:  Lloyds` Introductory Test (LIT) Relevant Experience Essential:  Experience with live Syndicates  Project management experience  Exposure to assessment and implementation Insurance Underwriter, working with Lloyd`s,based in the City **** per annum Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SyndicateAccountingManager_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Michael Page Financial Services	Accounting & Finance Jobs	70000 to 75000 per annum	72500	totaljobs.com	1
5194	62007562	Nursery Nurse L**** maternity cover  Cambridge	kids unlimited has a reputation as leaders in top quality, progressive childcare. We are currently the 5th largest private daycare provider with over 60 nursery settings and an ever growing portfolio. kids unlimited Long Road is located on the outskirts of the Addenbrookes site, making us an ideal location for parents who work at the site as well those living in the surrounding area. The nursery is a purpose build providing five child home bases, each designed specifically for babies, toddlers and pre school children. There is a secure external play area and a safe parking / drop off area. Our nursery manager Jemma has a team of enthusiastic childcare professionals. Reporting into the Room Supervisor, you will work as part of a team providing quality child care and education. You will promote the physical, social, emotional and cognitive development of each child in line with the kids unlimited model, nursery ethos and philosophy. The key duties of the Nursery Nurse include; Be responsible for the care and supervision of children as they undertake a variety of activities, providing appropriate levels of support and interaction. Ensure that the highest standards of health and safety apply to children staff, parents and visitors maintaining a safe and secure environment. Responsible for children s individual personal hygiene needs and to ensure that all policies and procedures are complied within this regard Establish and develop a good relationship with parents and carers, through dialogue, cooperation and partnership. Provide regular feedback to parents/carers regarding their child s development and day to day progress, in line with kids unlimited procedures. Adhere to all policies and procedures at all times Complete all Nursery documentation as required by role timely, accurately and appropriately. Key attributes of the Nursery Nurse include; Minimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent Previous childcare experience Ability to work on own initiative Excellent team player Excellent communicator at all levels Knowledge of the EYFS kids unlimited have many benefits in place for staff as well as the security of knowing that you're working for a growing, dynamic and successful business. You will be offered a competitive salary, contributory pension scheme and an opportunity to develop your career within a progressive and forwardthinking company. kids unlimited is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of all children in our care. We will ensure that safeguarding is of paramount concern to all employees and as a business we adopt and adhere to safe recruitment practices. Most roles within kids unlimited are subject to enhanced security checks with CRB/Disclosure Scotland disclosures applied for. To apply for our Nursery Nurse role, please click the Apply button below.	Cambridge	Cambridge			Kids Unlimited	Teaching Jobs	6.50/hour	12480	MyUkJobs	0
186666	71678777	Administrator(Work Based Learning) ****Excellent Benefits	We have an exciting opportunity to join of the UK leading's national training providers. Due to growth we are looking for an experienced Administrator who has experience within the Work Based Learning Sector. Based in Watford, this Training Provider offers excellent benefits, 25 days holiday, pension scheme, a salary of up to **** stability and a professional working environment. The position is available immediately. The main purpose of the role is to carry out an efficient administration process in accordance with LSC funding requirements. The Administrator will be responsible for a wide range of duties and responsibilities to include:  Direct support to the Administration Manager, so that an efficient administration service is provided to both internal and external partners, including learners and awarding bodies  The role will consist of following strict company guidelines in accordance with Funding bodies, eg Skills Funding Agency and LSC.  Entering new starter details, supported with all required funding paperwork, receipts, invoices, claims and learner documents  Register all learners with appropriate paperwork and administer Health and Safety paperwork  Audit Trails and Quality Checks.  Booking of examinations and testing for learners and booking accommodation where required  Deputize in the absence of the Administration Manager, making sure the department runs smoothly  This list is not exhaustive and additional duties will form part of this busy role Skills and Experience required for the Senior Administration  Previous experience of working in similar capacity is essential;  Work Based Learning, Apprenticeship sector experience is essential  Excellent all round Administration Skills, including extensive knowledge of Microsoft Packages and 'Maytas' or 'Pics' software would be a distinct advantage  Knowledge of SFA, LSC Funding guidelines and the paperwork process involved to draw down funding is essential  Previous Supervisory experience would also be a distinct advantage For further information please contact Pertemps Newcastle on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AdministratorWorkBasedLearning****ExcellentBenefits_job****	Rickmansworth Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Jobs@Pertemps   Newcastle Commercial	Admin Jobs	17k to 18.50k per year GBP	17750	totaljobs.com	0
99343	69534258	System Installation Engineer  Bath	System Installation Engineer  Bath Package: ****k plus benefits My client require a System Installation Engineer to be involved in the installation & configuration of bespoke SQL Server based software for external clients. Duties: Install and configure SQL Server based software on to various hardware platforms Build and configure servers and associated hardware Conduct some on site and remote assessments of hardware platforms to identify requirements for expansion or continued usage Conduct Upgrades to software as and when new releases are made available Liaise with relevant internal staff and customers to help agree the technical aspects of both new installations and the addition of new products to existing platforms Produce accurate documentation as required Support handover documentation for the completion of installation work Assist in the maintenance of installation related and technical documentation for internal use & Customer documentation including technical architecture diagrams and handover details as and when the scope of work determines Offer best practice advice to customers in respect of the use of the software particularly in regards to performance. Key Skills: Commercial experience using a Windows based platform (Windows 2000/2003/****) Windows server operating system elements (file system, security) IIS (for Windows 2003 and ****) (web app configuration, app pools, etc) SQL Server (****) We are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations 2003.	Bath	Bath			Additional Resources Limited	IT Jobs	24000-30000 Per Annum	27000	MyUkJobs	0
235562	72546326	Senior Infrastructure Project Manager Prince**** ****	Senior Infrastructure Project Manager  Prince**** **** Senior Infrastructure Project Manager  Prince**** 60,000. My client, a rapidly expanding managed services and IT outsourcing company in Central London, are looking for a Senior Infrastructure Project Manager with a Prince**** Practitioner qualification and a background working with full lifecycle, client facing, infrastructure projects. You will be able to manage and successfully deliver enterprise level strategic IT infrastructure projects ensuring requirements are met and delivered on time, within cost and to high quality while assisting in pre sales support process consulting with prospects and existing clients to ensure requirements are specified. You will identify and manage the projects organisational structure and define responsibilities while managing appropriate resources to undertake all the required project activities. You will have excellent knowledge of various IT Infrastructure (projects may include data centre migrations, desktop refresh, remote working solutions), as well as structured project methodologies. You will have relevant qualifications in IT and Project Methodology, such as PRINCE****/APM and possess excellent IT skills, specifically having used project software tools, such as Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio and Microsoft Office (or equivalent). You will demonstrate a proven record for the successful delivery of infrastructure projects, within a, pressurised environment and will demonstrate excellent verbal, written and presentation communication. You will be able to demonstrate a proven record of picking up inflight projects and successfully managing to delivery and have excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to develop and maintain collaborative working relationships. The right candidate will be rewarded with a salary of up to **** plus an excellent benefits package and bonus, as well as a generous travel allowance. To apply just click the apply now button below or email me directly at	City of London, London	The City		permanent	Pearson Whiffin Affinity	IT Jobs	50000 - 60000/annum	55000	cv-library.co.uk	1
72931	68854995	Computing Officer	Ref: ****E The School of Computing and Mathematical Sciences has over **** academic staff and an additional **** PostDoctoral Research Fellows, catering for over **** students on campus including over **** PhD students, and over **** students off campus. The Support Department has the responsibility for providing technical and administrative support for all students in the School and approximately **** academic, research and support staff. We are looking for an individual to join the department s vibrant team to provide technical support to our staff and students within the School s computer laboratories at Greenwich Maritime Campus. The post holder will be responsible in maintaining and installing new software, providing first line support to students, dealing with students enquiries via email or facetoface, ensuring that students receive adequate support at all times while using the computer labs. The post holder will also be responsible in dealing with students queries and working closely with other academic staff to provide adequate support to staff and students with regards to software and hardware used within the school. The post holder will also act as the School s local Safety Officer ensuring the School s Health and Safety regulations are in line with the University s policies Applicants should have a degree in a relevant subject. Recent support experience in similar environments would be essential. Salary Scale: ****  **** inclusive For further particulars on this post and details of how to make an online application please go to www****gre.ac.uk/jobs Closing date for applications: 1 February 2013	London	London			University of Greenwich	Teaching Jobs	25,705 to 28,371	27038	Jobs Ac	0
200315	71853187	Head Receptionist  The Cadogan, London	The Cadogan Hotel are currently looking for a Head Receptionist. Overseeing a small team, responsible for late checkin/out and general front office duties.This is an excellent opporunity for an experienced shift supervisor looking for a progressive and challenging role. Main duties and responsibilities: Overseeing a small team, responsible for checkin/checkout and general front office duties. To ensure that the highest level of service is provided to all guests and clients of the hotel at all times. To check guests in and out, to organise room moves and to assist guests with any concierge related requirements. To answer all internal and external telephone calls in a timely manner and according to set hotel standards. To ensure that all guest needs, including complaints are dealt with in an effective and speedy manner in order to facilitate good guest relations and optimise guest satisfaction. To ensure all guests receive a warm and courteous welcome at checkin and to assist with the rooming of guests. To assist with reservations on a daily basis. Ensure smooth running of the department on a daily basis in the absence of the Reception Manager. Attend weekly revenue meetings as required. Candidates must possess the following: Fluent in English and preferably one additional language would be a distinct advantage. Previous experience and a proven track record within Front Office operations. Excellent computer skills including programs for Word, Excel and Opera/Fidelio. This position would suit someone with a previous background within ****/**** properties in a similar role. Excellent organisational skill, dynamic, professional and ambitious. Flexible nature and outlook, and a good team player This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadReceptionistTheCadoganLondon_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	I Resourcer	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 18,000 to 18,000 per annum Negotiable depening on experience	18000	totaljobs.com	0
234994	72540132	Plant and Transport Manager	We are looking for an experienced Plant and Transport Manager. Must be very experienced with heavy demolition plant, excavators, crushers etc and heavy goods wagons. Must have CPC (The Driver Certificate of Professional Competence) and lots of previous experience in a similar role. You will report directly in to the Managing Director and your duties will include full responsibility for operations, man management, budget setting etc. The role will be directly responsible for Service Engineers, excavator and wagon drivers and you will be working within a team environment with a hands on approach to the job. **** till **** with **** hr unpaid break spread over midmorning, lunchtime and mid afternoon. 5 days per week with a Saturday am rota of every 4th or 5th week	ashton under lyne, Greater Manchester	Ashton-Under-Lyne		permanent	Smart Recruitment	Consultancy Jobs	25000 - 35000/annum to be discussed on interview	30000	cv-library.co.uk	0
55705	68680303	Recruitment Consultant	Office Angels are recruiting a Recruitment Consultant to join our branch in Brighton. A high levelled sales person is required to join our very successful team. You will love sales, over the telephone and in person. You will be passionate about building and retaining relationships with new and existing clients, candidates and have service excellence as your key to success. Your efforts will be highly rewarded targets are very realistic. If you have good business acumen with a tenacious outlook and you are an approachable team oriented individual then please apply, via the prompts Online or call Carolyn on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultant_job****	Brighton East Sussex South East	Brighton		permanent	Office Angels	HR & Recruitment Jobs	20000 per annum + OTE 30000	25000	totaljobs.com	0
153296	70783335	Project Managers x **** Infrastructure Change	Project Managers  Systems, Change Infrastructure Nottingham  Regional site travel You will manage a number of key systems infrastructure projects as part of an enterprise wide schedule of projects sitting inside a major business change and systems transformation programme. Based at a large regional leisure retailer this role is across a wide range of technologies and BAU implementations including; Server, Messaging, Virtualisation, Integration, Networking, Storage, Security and VOIP. Working for a consulting practice closely aligned with the end client, this role will require a background working to pre defined structured processes and methods and will involve swift adaptation to the current methods in place at the end client; as such backgrounds in Prince****, PMP or similar methods are required. Project Managers will take on a varied list of project requirements including systems, change and application projects as well as a number of wider overlapping business projects however the work will be predominantly infrastructure based. Applicants will need proven project management and resource management skills and exposure to working with key stakeholders, vendors, 3rd party client resources and ideally have sat within multi supplier engagement models to help provide project governance and management services. In return you will be given the chance to participate in a fantastic new enterprise venture from its very early stages of change and integration. Responsibilities; Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders; Develop fullscale project plans and associated communications documents; Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals; Draft and submit budget proposals, requirements, scopes and project resources necessary; Where required, negotiate with other department managers for the acquisition of required personnel from within the company or contractors/vendors; Determine and assess need for additional staff and/or consultants and make the appropriate recruitment if necessary during project cycle; Set and continually manage project expectations with team members and other stakeholders; Identify and resolve issues and conflicts within the project teams; Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path; Develop and deliver progress reports, documentation, and presentations. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProjectManagersx2InfrastructureChange_job****	Nottingham Nottinghamshire East Midlands	Nottingham		permanent	EMBS  People Transfer	IT Jobs	To 55,000 + Benefits	27500	cwjobs.co.uk	0
69807	68807015	NET Developer  Financial Services Stockport  ****K	Developer, .ASP.NET, MVC, JavaScript, JQuery, TSQL, XML, XSL, Unit Testing, sought for wellestablished, prestigious financial services company with 30 years successful foundation and impressive plans for future expansion. In this excellent role you will work on new and current systems and develop robust, highquality software and your role will include collaboratively working with Business Analysts, to understand the requirements and : Coordinate the build, release and deployment of software releases Create internal development frameworks and standards Maintain the quality and readability of source code As the ideal candidate you will be a degree educated, selfmanaging, selfstarter with excellent communication skills and will possess the following experience and attributes : Strong understanding of development principles VB.NET, ASP.NET, MVC, JavaScript, JQuery, TSQL, XML, XSL, Unit Testing This is a great opportunity to really make an impact with a terrific company within the financial services sector. Salary, up to ****K, plus extensive benefits, including : pension, health plan, medical insurance, season ticket loan, etc Send your CV ASAP to be considered for this fantastic opportunity	Stockport	Stockport		permanent	Parallel Consulting	IT Jobs	30k - 35k pa + excellent benefits	32500	jobsite.co.uk	0
234904	72539792	Primary Teacher required Part Time	KS**** needed 3 days a week in Ratby Area Qualified Year **** teacher is needed to work in a large primary school based in the Leicester Area. This is a challenging but rewarding role. You will initially be required on a day to day basis as a trail and if successful will be needed until the end of the academic year. This is a great opportunity for someone with the drive to succeed and an ability to adapt and fit in with the school. This is a vibrant and exciting school, looking for the right person who will fit in with the existing staff and become one of the team. Experience of helping children through their year 2 SAT s is essential as that will play an integral part of your position. There is fantastic support available from the experienced and well trained teachers and support staff within the school. This is an extremely rewarding position for the right candidate. Ideally you will be/have: Full qualifications and references A can do approach to teaching. Ability to build good relationships and rapport with both staff and pupils. Drive and determination to succeed The ability to deliver creative lessons in line with the curriculum. An enthusiastic attitude. Own transport is a bonus To apply for this position directly, send your CV to or call (Apply online only) All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services	Leicester, Leicestershire, England, Leicestershire	Leicester		contract	TeacherActive	Teaching Jobs	110 - 160/day	32400	cv-library.co.uk	0
171752	71389054	Head of Quantitative GTAA Research	A successful Multi strategy hedge fund is current looking to add a head of quantitative GTAA research to their team in London. The fund have offices within the US and following a very successful 2012 are looking to add a senior individual to manage the research team and develop new strategies and initiatives including a Managed Futures product and GTAA strategy. Your responsibilities will include: Create, implement systematic GTAA investment strategies covering bonds, FX, equities and crossasset timing based on economic reasoning, business cycle, policy analysis and behavioural finance. Quantitative global macro research and portfolio management with a focus on systematic multistrategy GTAA (Global Tactical Asset Allocation) involving G**** FX, developed fixedincome and equity futures. Leading and mentoring a team of research analysts to develop and implement GTAA strategies Participated in all aspects of the investment process alpha research, risk management, explaining rationale of the process and performance to consultants and clients. Applicants should be familiar with systematic investing, trading futures and forwards . The ideal candidate will have experience working for a systematic fund/CTA and be looking for an opportunity to expand their product growth. This is an excellent opportunity to work with some of the brightest and most respected individuals in the market. The firm is founded by key figures in the macro and systematic space whom hold a wealth of experience from some of the top investment banks and have managed to transfer this successfully into the hedge fund space. This is a newly created position, not a replacement hire. Please note applicants based outside of the UK will not be considered for this position. Key words: Systematic strategies, CTA, futures, FX, Fixed income, GTAA, Tactical asset allocation, quantitative, managed futures, global macro Experience in a similar position is essential and applicants should ideally have buy side experience. Interviews are taking place currently and they are looking to bring someone onboard as soon as possible. .	Greater London	London			Selby Jennings	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
71045	68833832	SOFTWARE ENGINEER  C++/ Scientific background	SOFTWARE ENGINEER  C++/ Scientific background Bedford C****k  bens Due to new and exciting projects we are looking to recruit a Software Engineer to join our from a scientific or technical environment skill in C++ and understanding of mesh generation and/ or manipulation of complex ****D geometries. The vacancy is within an aircraft test facility, and will combine both mathematical and software skills to develop cutting edge software tools used by major players in the aerospace sector. You will have considerable experience as a software engineer in a scientific or technical environment with a degree or above in mathematics, geometry, physics or computer science or engineering (with maths bias). You ll have indepth knowledge of relevant programming languages including C++ and Python/ Fortran. Exposure to Mesh/Meshing or manipulation of complex ****D geometries would be a significant advantage. This is a very technical role and would be a great opportunity to work on future aircraft programmes with longer term career prospects. To apply, contact Samantha Tildsley at JAM on **** **** **** View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position	Bedford Bedfordshire	Bedford		permanent		IT Jobs	40000	40000	technojobs.co.uk	0
193356	71766864	General Assistant	Due to the busy nature of our clients business we are recruiting for General Assistants / Cleaners for large Commercial offices in the Basingstoke area. This is an opportunity for a full time or **** part time positions. Hours required will be 8am  4pm and 5pm  9pm This role would suit someone from the local area who has their own transport and are flexible and reliable. Previous experience of commercial cleaning is essential and the ability to use your own initiative and have great time management skills. If you feel that you would be suitable please forward an up to date CV to Russell.freemaninteractionrecruitment.co.uk .	Basingstoke	Basingstoke	full_time		Interaction Recruitment	Maintenance Jobs	6.25 - 6.50 per hour	12240	Jobcentre Plus	0
129678	70158894	Top 10 Corporate Tax Opportunity	The Bristol office of this leading Top 10 accountancy practice is recruiting for driven and exceptional Corporate Tax Managers. Working on a unique and interesting client base you will be responsible for managing assignments to include costs and billing arrangements. Furthermore, you will be identifying and advising on tax planning opportunities undertaking adhoc technical assignments. Applicants must have prior experience in operating at Manager Level. In addition to this you will be confident and strong in client facing roles. To be considered for this position you will be ideally ATT or CTA qualified with ACA or ACCA and a strong academic record. To find out more about this role please call James Dowdeswell on **** **** **** or submit your CV to james.dowdeswellprorecruitment.co.uk. ProTax is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	Bristol	Bristol		permanent	Pro Tax	Accounting & Finance Jobs	40000 - 50000 per annum	45000	accountancyagejobs.com	1
10437	66376096	IT Sales Account Manager	My client is a IT Reseller specialising in leading edge Infrastructure solutions using the very latest Virtualisation technology. The business is growing at a fast pace and as a brand they are becoming more recognised within the IT industry . My client is looking to continue this momentum so they can achieve the ambitious plans for their company. They need a good IT Sales Account Manager. I am looking for IT Sales Managers who: demonstrate a highly successful track record in selling solutions to the “mid market” have a good understanding of Server, Storage and Network solutions have a smart commercial approach for maximising opportunities is confident in your ability to generate business very quickly as you will be expected to build your own portfolio of customers and sales The company is an HP Gold Partner 2010, Microsoft Gold Partner 2010, VMware VIP Enterprise Partner 2010, Citrix ZenApp Silver Partner 2010, DELL Certified Partner 2010 with Enterprise Architecture Specialisation. Their business model is very straightforward, they like their Sales Account Managers to work with a manageable number of accounts allowing them to deliver exceptional levels of service and support. To facilitate this they have a growing team of highly skilled engineers who are able to consult, design, implement and support solutions based on best of breed products and technology. For the right IT Sales Account Manager a competitive package with uncapped earnings and a real opportunity to further your career will be on offer along with working within a small flexible company who are growing quickly and developing a strong reputation in the specialist Reseller industry. As a company they have everything that you will need to enable you to meet your professional and financial ambitions. If you are currently working for a Reseller and feeling as though you could achieve so much more, then this could be the opportunity you have been looking for. Due to the large number of applications we can only respond to applicants who meet our client’s criteria. If you have not had a response to your application within 2 weeks your application has been unsuccessful.	Hampshire	Hampshire	full_time	permanent	Search Recruitment	IT Jobs	From 20,000 to 40,000 per year + OTE Commission un capped 60K+	30000	planetrecruit.com	0
58420	68688106	Marketing Manager  New Brands	This is an exciting and demanding role enabling the creation and development of company owned brands that will prove to have asset value and will increase customer loyalty and retention. You will be able to use your strong customer insight (research, customer service, market data) to develop winning brand propositions. You will develop and create packaging and product structures to support their effective launch. Your knowledge of product delivery will enable you identify potential barriers and ensure successful route to market. You will be a strong influencer. You will posess the innate ability to recognise products and brands that will make customers want to shop with this international network of stores. Skills Experience Required: Classic FMCG brand marketing experience required, including creative development. Retail commercial or marketing experience preferred in addition International brand management experience preferred. Extremely strong influencing skills required with experience in working in a complex matrix structure preferred. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingManagerNewBrands_job****	Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Execellence Ltd	Retail Jobs	From 70,000 to 90,000 per annum	80000	totaljobs.com	1
58966	68689590	Occupational Hygienist  Aberdeen	Occupational Hygienist – Aberdeen We urgently need an Occupational Hygienist for our client who are a Major Private and Public Sector Energy and Property Consultancy with offices based in the UK and several other countries. You will be identifying issues and making recommendations to the customer to ensure control of health hazards in the workplace. Key Responsibilities: Undertake surveys at client sites and evaluate situations in the workplace Assess risk to health from various factors including dusts, chemicals, noise, vibration local exhaust ventilation Offer effective solutions to clients to reduce/eliminate risks to health in the workplace Make recommendations on control methods/remedies Compile reports and present findings to clients Experience/Skills Required: Ideal Candidates will be Qualified Occupational Hygienists and hold the Certificate of Competence in Occupational Hygiene. Candidates working towards full competency will however, also be considered Previously worked for a Consultancy Comfortable to work both offshore (training offered if necessary) and onshore Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with clients/colleagues of all levels Able to record data/write accurate reports and present findings and solutions to customers Ability to work to strict deadlines Please get in touch for more details pcoylessalusrs.co.uk or call me on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OccupationalHygienistAberdeen_job****	Aberdeen Aberdeenshire Scotland	Aberdeen		permanent	Support Services Group	Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	From 30,000 to 35,000 per annum excellent benefits and CPD support	32500	totaljobs.com	0
151079	70767518	Management Opportunities  Brent Cross	The Roles: Due to our continuing success and expansion, we are seeking to employ a number of experienced and dynamic individuals at various store positions in the Hertfordshire Area Store Manager Basic ****  ****k (OTE ****k) Deputy Manager Basic ****k (OTE ****k) Footwear Manager Basic ****k (OTE ****k) Department Manager Basic ****k (OTE ****k) The Role You will be responsible for managing a multimillion pound business. You will achieve this by demanding the very best from your team and by managing and coaching them to success. The Candidate: Essential: Previous Management experience in: a High volume retail or a Fast paced customer focused environment A high level of commercial awareness Target driven with a strong desire to succeed Able to achieve results through others, by leading and developing your team Proven track record of building strong working relationships and being able to influence others A highly organised, structured and proactive approach to meeting deadlines Able to work well under pressure Able to communicate with people at all levels Selfmotivated, motivating to others, with a cando attitude Able and willing to work flexible hours as determined by the needs of the business Committed to achieving the highest store standards and customer service through achieving KPIs Rewards: When it comes to work, we have a very simple philosophy at Sports Direct, Do More, Earn More . For that reason we like to reward those who go the extra mile to make a difference. Being a market leading retailer not only are we able to offer a: Competitive salary Performance related bonus up to ****K 15% staff discount We also provide: Company Bonus Share Scheme an unprecedented approach to rewarding high achievers. We are currently looking to reward our salaried staff a total of 88 million over the next 2 years. Joining Sports Direct provides you the opportunity to be a part of such exciting bonus incentives. And for those that are committed to exceeding our expectations: Free holidays that are once in a lifetime experiences Top class tickets to Premiership football, International football s leading sports retailer by revenue and operating profit, and the owner of a significant number of internationally recognised sports and leisure brands. Sports Direct is also a Top 10 Global Sports Retailer. The Group has retail interests outside the UK including; Belgium, Holland, Luxembourg, Slovenia, Cyprus and Republic of Ireland and has a flexible approach to entry into new markets	Brent Cross, London	Brent Cross		permanent	SportsDirect	Retail Jobs	19000 - 32000/annum	25500	cv-library.co.uk	0
1241	46636695	Clinical Lead	Clinical Lead  Large Nursing Complex, Whitefield, GREATER MANCHESTER 8am  4pm every **** in 7 days **** per annum For this position an RMN or RGN can be considered. The role is to support the residential areas of the complex as management of this needs attention Responsibilities include: Audit/ Medication measures Advocate for new patients, instrumental in their admission and reducing hospital admissions by improving the system at the service Company prepared to put nurses through courses in order they keep skills up to date Ideally you will have good nursing home experience including Dementia experience. This is a fantastic opportunity working for a small Charity based in Greater Manchester  easily commutable from the M60/ M62 If this position is of interest please send your CV cfranceeclypserecruitment.co.uk or you can contact me to discuss further **** **** **** WE WELCOME REFFERALS IF YOU THINK THIS POSITION WOULD SUIT SOMEONE YOU KNOW PLEASE SEND THEM THIS INFORMATION OR SIMPLY PASS THEIR DETAILS TOO US  **** VOUCHERS	Greater Manchester, Greater Manchester	Manchester				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	27000 to 28000 per year	27500	careworx.co.uk	0
53780	68675123	Estate Agency Mortgage Advisor / Estate Agency Mortgage Broker	Estate Agency Mortgage Advisor / Estate Agency Mortgage Broker Are you a CeMAP qualified Mortgage Advisor with a proven track record? Can you rise to the challenge of proficiently converting mortgage leads in a fast paced, busy and extremely successful Estate Agency office? Does your current role limit your true potential? The role is suitable for an ambitious CeMAP qualified or similar Mortgage Adviser who enjoys being part of a team and can respond to being given the autonomy and responsibility to produce mortgage and protection business from a wide variety of opportunities. Estate Agency Mortgage Advisor / Estate Agency Mortgage Broker A proactive Mortgage Adviser with the ability to prioritise and organise their time productively will be well suited to the demands of the role. Estate Agency Mortgage Advisor / Estate Agency Mortgage Broker  CeMAP qualified (or equivalent)  A successful sales record/history  An understanding of the Mortgage Market  Excellent communication skills particularly on the telephone  Experience of Financial Services sales and understanding of compliance regulations Estate Agency Mortgage Advisor / Estate Agency Mortgage Broker Our clients offer a competitive basic salary dependant on experience, a superb commission bonus structure and excellent career progression opportunities for the right candidate. Estate Agency Mortgage Advisor / Estate Agency Mortgage Broker On target earnings: Year ****: OTE ****  ****  uncapped Year ****: OTE ****  ****  uncapped Kings Permanent Recruitment is a specialist Estate Agency recruitment service, dealing with the placement of Estate Agents Letting Agents into permanent positions within the Residential Property sector. Our additional areas of expertise include Property Management and CeMAP qualified Estate Agency Financial Services Consultants/Mortgage Advisors. Visit Kings Permanent Recruitment website at www.kingspermanentrecruitment.co.uk for online Estate Agency vacancies. Telephone Adam Howes on **** **** or **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EstateAgencyMortgageAdvisorEstateAgencyMortgageBroker_job****	York North Yorkshire Yorkshire	York		permanent	Kings Permanent Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 18,000 to 50,000 per annum Uncapped commission & car allowance.	34000	totaljobs.com	0
48180	68592128	Workshop Supervisor  Senior Electronics Engineer	Manufacturing, workshop, electronics, testing, maintenance, test, offshore, marine Main Purpose of the Role Supervison, training coaching of workshop staff, ensuring the highest standards of safety and performance. Challenging and varied role within an exciting and rewarding division of an organisation that prides itself on being at the cutting edge of technology.  Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position  The Person You should be flexible and dynamic in your approach, and bring energy and drive to your work. Key requirements are; Minimum HND in Electronics/Engineering Previous experience of supervision within a testing and maintenance environment Excellent communicator and team player Key Responsibilities Supervision of designated Workshop Engineers Training of new employees Trainee Workshop Engineers Maintaining highest standards of safety, ensuring adherence to Company HSE Policies at all times Following Company procedures relating to the testing, maintenance and calibration of Company rental equipment ensuring all work is carried out to the highest standards The calibration and maintenance of test equipment ensuring all test equipment is in satisfactory working order at all times Updating the status of rental assets and job reports on Company asset tracking system Maintaining good housekeeping practices in all areas of workshop Communicating effectively with colleagues at all levels to ensure satisfactory information transfer Required to work off site undertaking mobilizations on vessels in port around UK as and when required Salary and Benefits Circa ****k, healthcare, pension benefits The Company Part of a billion dollar group with worldwide exposure in a number of sectors but primarily in Oil Gas/Subsea. Multiple locations worldwide and a market leading product line. How to Apply Interviews are happening immediately, so don't delay For further details please contact Matthew Townend on [blocked], email matthew.townendatarecruitment.co.uk or send your CV by clicking 'Apply'.  Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position  ATA Recruitment Ltd, the recruitment division of RTC Group PLC, has a nationwide presence represented by branches in nine locations across the UK. Typical vacancies filled would be chemical, management, maintenance, service, design, production and project roles. With a convenient Leeds Centre location our premises provide excellent facilities for face to face interviews. For further positions please take time to browse our website: www.atagroup.co.uk or alternatively call one of our consultants on [blocked]	Aberdeen City Scotland	UK			ATA Recruitment	Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	GBP40k - 45k per year	42500	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
75690	69004122	ICT Teacher	ICT Teacher required for permanent position to start immediately Are you either an experienced ICT Teacher or NQT, able to start a permanent position within the borough of Havering? Are you able to teach ICT at both ALevel and BTEC? If so this could be the post you are looking for ICT Teacher Permanent Outstanding School situated in Havering MPS Salary Excellent support and ongoing professional development Outstanding Head Teacher This Ofsted outstanding school which has an inspirational Head teacher requires an ICT Teacher with strong references who can consistently perform to a high standard. It s vital that the ICT Teacher can teach ICT through the full range and ability and must also be able to teach BTEC nationals The school itself which is one of the best training schools in the area and has high expectations of teaching and Learning, The School was also graded as Outstanding by Ofsted in October 2012 ICT at the school is taught through to ALevel in state of the art computer suites. The school teach a mixture of GCSE and BTEC at Key Stage **** and as such are looking for a teacher who has experience of teaching at all levels. The school have few behavioural issues but as with all schools you will need classroom presence and be able to enforce the schools strict code of conduct within the ICT suites. Please apply today for immediate interview commencing 7th January	Havering, Essex	Havering-Atte-Bower		permanent	Master Class Education	Teaching Jobs	26500 - 36000/annum	31250	cv-library.co.uk	0
172459	71407290	General Manager  Royston Arms, London	General Manager  Royston Arms, London The Royston Arms is a robust community pub situated in a leafy residential area in the Olympic borough of Waltham Forest. The pub is a split into two areas with sports a main feature with a pool table, Sky sports and darts board. A lovely beer garden gives it the opportunity to be at the centre of community activities. There is opportunity to attract families build food sales and utilise large square footage. Applicants would be able to place the pub at the centre of community activities and drive food sales by attracting families and planning an active rhythm of the week . Ideal candidate must display personality and a passion for raising the profile of the pub and keep the place secure and controlled whilst inspiring and motivating the team to excel. Part of our My Local segment, these are warm and welcoming pubs at the heart of the community offering great value food and drink and the chance to relax, either after a hard day at work or a get together with family and friends. This is the pub where the regular and local customers are known and valued, both by the Manager and the Team. General Manager  What we want We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we re not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we re an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. Our General Managers are people who have the ability to engage with customers from all walks of life, all ages and interests. They are well known personalities and love to get involved in the local activities; these are the General Managers who always know what their competitors are up to. Sales driven but cost aware and driven to deliver the best possible experience for their customers, able to think on their feet and outside of the box and enjoy the freedom to try new ideas that will grow their sales and be the best pub in the area. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day s holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us.	East London, London, UK, Greater London, East London	London			Local Pubs	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	25,000 - 30,000	27500	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
55324	68679298	Accounts Assistant  Farm	Opportunity to work in a pleasant rural location, based close to the main motorway and 'A' road routes on the East side of Leeds. The role assists the Financial Controller in general accounts and payroll, knowledge of sage line **** and sage payroll is essential. The successful candidate will be experienced and will be comfortable handling both general accounts work and supporting the Directors of the business in a nonaccounts capacity , such as organising meetings, events etc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsAssistantFarm_job****	Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Leeds		permanent	IPS Group	Accounting & Finance Jobs	18000.00 - 21000.00 per annum + 18-21,000 + benefits	19500	totaljobs.com	0
54705	68677767	Directorate Procurement Manager	Our Client based in Middlesbrough is looking for a Directorate Procurement Manager to join their team on a temporary basis. 1.Manage full end to end procurement process, including complex tender's, as required and ensure effective monitoring and progress is made in the delivery of the agreed targets. ****To provide specialist advice to those working within specific projects in relation to establishing and maintaining appropriate levels of service. ****To support the delivery and development of improved performance within and across directorates in relation to effective and efficient inventory levels 4.To continue to monitor contracts after award to include regular contract management meetings. ****Lead a team and assist in the provision of training ****Assist in the delivery and identification for the achievement and delivery of cash releasing savings in accordance with the Procurement work plan ****To provide monthly updates on the work plan for each division and provide to the Head of Procurement Supply and the Senior Procurement Manager ****Ensure required products are catalogued, and catalogues are reviewed on a quarterly basis. ****Analyses information to identify areas for improvement and to assess projects and their outcomes. ****Ensure required products are catalogued, and catalogues are reviewed on a quarterly basis. ****Responsible for managing and updating all information relating to their projects, and updating the centralised contracts database as required. ****To lead procurement initiatives within the UK as required. Experience and skills required Member of the Chartered Institute of Purchase Supply NVQ Level 4 in Procurement or equivalent qualification Extensive Project Management experience Experience in management in a purchasing and supply environment Considerable experience of EU procurement procedures Ability to travel between sites Please send you CV to naomi.stewartofficeangels.com Office Angels is an equal opportunities employer This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DirectorateProcurementManager_job****	Middlesbrough Cleveland North East	Marton-In-Cleveland		contract	Office Angels	Accounting & Finance Jobs	13.06 - 17.53 per hour	29366	totaljobs.com	0
197941	71845812	Chef de Partie  Pastry	Chef de Partie  Pastry ****k depending on experience My client, a stunning, multiawarding winning country house hotel in rural Devon is seeking a Pastry Chef. You must be dedicated and have complete knowledge and techniques in pastry. You will also be extremely wellorganised, have flair and creativity and have lots of energy. Under the guidance of a Michelin stared Head Chef, their standards are exceptionally high. Previous experience in a similar hotel or restaurant at Michelin star or ****/**** AA stars is desirable. This is your chance to learn from one most respected Chefs in Great Britain; recognised for his original and creative cooking, using his classical training and the best regional produce from the South West. Due to the location, you should have your own transport to and from the hotel Free parking is included onsite. Excellent staff accommodation may be available upon request. Please send your CV to Phil White at Cornwall Staff agency.	Exeter, Devon, UK, Devon	Exeter			Cornwall Staff Agency	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	18000 - 19000 per annum	18500	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
105064	69576105	Exceptional Beauty Therapists	EXCEPTIONAL BEAUTY THERAPISTSHIGH PROFILE SALON SPASWEST/SOUTH WEST LONDON****  **** basic salary 30% commission (high earning potential)Permanent, Full Time Hours The CompanyMy client has four very high profile, award winning salons/day spas in London. They deliver elite hair salon services and spa experiences. Their hair stylists are some of the best in the business and their Spa Therapists are all highly skilled and qualified, providing a full range of beauty maintenance treatments along with indulgent, relaxing body and massage treatments.A Sanctuary for every single person that works there. A place where people really want to come to work each day. Staff are rewarded for their hard work with generous commission programs, prizes, overseas trips, cash prizes, education classes, product baskets and meals at top London restaurants. Team building to ensure smooth integration of new staff to establish a confident and committed team. Also, you take part in photo shoots, fashion shows, charity events and launch parties. Ideal Beauty TherapistYou must have the following: NVQ Level 3 or the equivalent in Beauty Therapies Advanced Hollywood and Brazilian waxing skills Significant previous experience within a high end salon or a busy spa Skills in as many of the following as possible will be a huge advantage: Aveda product range Threading Micro dermabrasion Indian Head Massage Hot Stone Massage Reiki Reflexology Ayurvedic treatments Individual Lash Extensions Male waxing/face body treatments Bridal/advanced make up(ON APPLICATION, PLEASE STATE CLEARLY WHICH OF THE ABOVE TREATMENTS YOU CURRENTLY OFFER. THIS WILL MAKE YOUR APPLICATION STAND OUT AMONGST THE ****`s WE RECEIVE EVERY DAY) This will be a lovely career move for someone who is already very experienced in the beauty industry. You will need to be motivated, enthusiastic, reliable and have outstanding customer care skills. You must also enjoy the challenge of a busy salon environment. General Rota (****hrs across 5 days)**** : 5.30pm : early shift********.30pm : **** : late shiftEvery Saturday1 or 2 Sundays a month	West Midlands - West Bromwich	West Bromwich	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Retail Jobs	17680 - 18785	18232	ukstaffsearch.com	0
133590	70250257	Mobile Engineer	Our Client, a multinational print and reprographics company, are looking for a mobile engineer to maintain a fleet of devices in the Warrington, Wigan and Bolton area of the UK. The role will pay mileage costs from a base (Warrington) on top of the salary per hour, but you must have your own vehicle and be able to use it for business purposes. You will be responsible for the general maintenance of a fleet of printers, copiers scanners at various sites in the NW of England. You will be Clientfacing, so customer service skills are required. Additionally, you will need to   Be confident using printers, scanners etc and be able to troubleshoot common problems  Have a high degree of self motivation and be able to work under your own steam  Be able to converse with people of all levels  Be professional and reliable If you think that you possess the right blend of skills then please apply online for immediate interview. Please note that due to the expected volume of applicants, only those that are successful can be contacted. Adecco is an equal opportunities employer.Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileEngineer_job****	Warrington, Cheshire Cheshire North West	Warrington		contract	Adecco Group	Engineering Jobs	7.66 - 8 per hour + Mileage allowance from base	15033	totaljobs.com	0
116827	69794329	Setting Out Engineer/steel work	Our Client is currently looking for a Setting Out Engineer from a steelwork background.The ideal candidate will be a highly motivated individual who can work both as a part of a team and on their own initiative. Excellent coommunication skills accompanied with a high level of attention to details and accuracy are essential.You'll not not only be setting out but also attend site meetings and deal with internal labour.The role is based at Heathrow.Duration **** to 6 months, days.Please send your CVs to gosia N/A .uk.	Hounslow - Hounslow	Hounslow	full_time	contract	CVbrowser	Trade & Construction Jobs	18 - 22 per hour	38400	cvbrowser.com	0
163875	71227549	HGV Driver / Removals	HGV / Removal Person Based outskirts Cranleigh Salary c. ****k Due to expansion our Client is looking to recruit a HGV driver / Removal Person to join their team. They pride themselves on their exemplary Customer Service and therefore you should have excellent communication skills, together with relevant driving qualifications. If you feel you have the necessary skills for the role then please contact us. Immediate start available.	Cranleigh	Cranleigh	full_time	permanent		Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	c. 22,000	22000	fish4.co.uk	0
74615	69000445	SALES ADMINISTRATOR, HAMPSHIRE	Sales Administrator, Hampshire. Our clients sell some of the most prestigious vehicle brands in the world and this outstanding company requires an experienced Sales Administrator at their BMW dealership based in Eastleigh, Hampshire. THE ROLE As a Sales Administrator you will ensure:  All corporate sales administration duties are carried out accurately and within agreed time scales. Ensure reporting deadlines are met.  Audit quality standards are achieved.  Close relations are maintained with accounting staff  The development of relationships with national fleet operators and corporate customers  That you provide a knowledgeable, courteous, responsive and efficient service which projects the quality image of the product and the Company. RESPONSIBILITIES As Sales Administrator, main duties will include:  Process orders, ensuring they exactly match the signed Order Form the customer  Set up all new vehicles on Kerridge.  Update all vehicle details as required [e.g. consignment no s, radio/key codes, mileage, S.I.V., sale price etc]  Process all Order to Work forms to produce job cards within one hour of receipt.  Enter cost estimates from Order to Work.  Compile Handover packs as required.  Complete all AFRL duties ensuring full compliance with DVLA audit requirements.  Complete required V**** used vehicle documentation.  Administer TRACKER process as per Sales Administration Guide [as required].  Review specification and build date of all factory orders. Accurately track new vehicle consignment dates, advising an authorised manager as required.  Accurately place factory orders as specified by an authorised manager.  Locate and call off vehicles for stock/transfer as directed by an authorised manager. THE PERSON This is a very busy role and you will need to be flexible and able to work on your own initiative whilst working under pressure. The ideal candidate will have:  Previous experience as a Vehicle Sales Administrator  Computer literacy, including Kerridge experience  Time management and prioritisation skills  Strong communication skills For the role of Sales Administrator there is a salary ote of **** per annum. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Sales Administrator will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Sales Administrator, vehicle, motor, automotive, car	Hampshire, England, Hampshire	Hampshire		permanent	Hot Recruitment	Other/General Jobs	19000 - 20500/annum + plus benefits	19750	cv-library.co.uk	0
4617	62004363	Senior Recruitment Consultant – Bury St Edmunds	Senior Recruitment Consultant Bury St Edmunds Basic ********k dependent on experience  Car or Allowance  Industry leading commission scheme  Corporate benefits An excellent growth opportunity has opened up within this specialist recruitment consultancy out of their Bury St Edmunds profit centre. They are investing heavily in their business and have ambitious expansion plans on both their Accountancy Finance and Office support divisions. This is a good time to join this highly successful business as there are fast track management opportunities and career progression on offer for top performers. To be suitable for this opportunity you will have previous recruitment experience, ideally within a professional sector, and will be a sales focussed, ambitious and success driven individual. We are interviewing now, please contact Ben Whitfield at Fresh Partnership in confidence for more details. We do try to respond personally but if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please accept that your application is not going to proceed further.	Bury St. Edmunds	Bury St. Edmunds			Fresh Partnership	HR & Recruitment Jobs	Basic 20k-26k + car allowance + bonus + benefits	23000	MyUkJobs	0
16558	66895302	QC (5 days ****)	Our client is looking to recruit a QC to cover intake, packing and out loading, ensuring all products are to customer specifications. The role To monitor stock rotation on a daily basis. Inspect incoming raw material loads. Positive release finished product prior to dispatch. Monitor the storage of the products to ensure that the correct temperature is maintained, monitor damages and stock rotation Actively track class II grade outs and lost in repack i.e. wastedecay in the pack house. Monitor and manage the Quality of the produce in storage.The candidate Previous experience in a quality assurance role is beneficial (experience within the flower industry would be an advantage) Required knowledge of quality inspections. Excellent communication skills Good numerical and literacy skills Good accuracy & attention to detail Good problem solving skills Ability to make quick/correct decisions	Cambridgeshire	Cambridgeshire		permanent	MorePeople	Manufacturing Jobs	18000/annum	18000	cv-library.co.uk	0
53455	68673736	Senior Administrator / Secretary	Our client, a globally recognised Medical Devices organisation, is looking for a Senior Site Administrator / Secretary to provide senior administrative organisational support to the Supply Chain Director Senior Team through liaising at all levels to enable efficient use of time. The SCH is frequently away from the office so you will need to plan around his absence. This is an urgent position requiring an immediate start. The equivalent permanent salary for this position is **** p.a. DUTIES  Diary management, International travel arrangements, hotel bookings, foreign exchange, arranging meetings, video conferences, etc.  Correspondence, circulation of reports, email/faxes, general secretarial duties etc.  Preparation of presentations including financial data presentation/preparation  Expense reports  Supply Chain Director  Consolidation of Annual Planning Calendar  Maintaining records, filing, etc.  Disseminating information  General office administration  Knowledge of procedures e.g. travel policy, crisis management, etc.  Ad hoc requests e.g. input for Global Communications Directory  Periodic collection/publication of financial data  Event organisation management OTHER  Interface at Global panEuropean level with board members their teams. Interfacing with other subsidiary companies, customers, business partners, suppliers, etc.  Handling sensitive/confidential information with integrity  Organising fieldwork visits  Responding to enquiries requests in timely fashion with clear communication  Liaise with Supply Chain Director whilst out of the office, to keep informed of key issues  Directing enquiries to appropriate person(s)  Selfmotivated well organised.  Proactively managing priorities forward planning.  Able to work flexibly under pressure to tight deadlines.  Able to maintain complete confidentiality.  Experience of working at a senior level.  Able to work on own initiative with little guidance.  Excellent interpersonal skills.  Team player  Good organisational administration skills.  High level of Computer literacy, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, specifically multiple diary management Visio.  Attention to detail accuracy.  Creative, flexible friendly approach with positive 'Can Do' attitude **** Assignment Planning of Work This an excellent opportunity to join this globally recognised organisation. There is a possibility this position will lead to a permanent post. Please call Anne Taylor or Boon Yap on **** **** **** for further details to arrange an interview. Interviews will take place on Monday 7th January in Middlesex. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAdministratorSecretary_job****	Middlesex South East	UK		contract	Gold Group Ltd.	Admin Jobs	15.50 - 16.00 per hour	30240	totaljobs.com	0
64871	68708841	Semi Skilled Operative	Our client based in Keighley is looking to recruit a Semi Skilled Operative to join their team on a temporary to permanent basis. Duties for the role will involve using oil under pressure to flush out the major machine parts for cleanliness then wrap the machine for stores. You must have manual machining experience with a view to training within the role and it would be ideal if you had an understanding of hose connection and fittings and a FLT licence. Hours are **** but you must be flexible to work shifts if needed. Interested? Please send your CV to indyarotherwoodrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SemiSkilledOperative_job****	Keighley West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Keighley		contract	Rotherwood Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	9.45 per hour	18144	totaljobs.com	0
137212	70384981	Editor for established STM publisher	This is an exciting role within an established medical publishing and events company. Working as an integral member of the journals team, you will manage individual projects while commissioning, peerreview, editing and typesetting across the journals. You will have a calm head under pressure, with an ability to anticipate and address potential problems before they arise. As well as having sound editorial skills, you will be able to work in a professional manner with collaborating healthcare professionals. Aptitude for copyediting, proofreading, and project management (organisation, time management and prioritisation) would be essential in the ideal candidate. Also essential would be education to at least degree level in a medical or lifesciences discipline. This is a great opportunity to further develop your career in the medical publishing field. The salary is offered depending on experience and the number of years experience within STM publishing. Other desirable qualities would include: Familiarity with typesetting software (InDesign or Quark). Experience in medical writing or reporting. Some knowledge of using content management systems and HTML coding to facilitate online publishing. While primarily officebased, this highly varied role will also involve attendance at professional meetings, with the potential to travel to international conferences.	Greater London	London	full_time	permanent	GRM RECRUITMENT	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	22-28k doe	25000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
164587	71275725	Training Manager needed  Restaurant Group  Central London	Training Manager needed  Restaurant Group  Central London Salary: **** Location: Central London My client, a large and very good quality restaurants operator within Central London is looking for a Training Manager to join their operation On their behalf, I am therefore looking for a Training Manager, who would join the small HR department and Operational Team to overlook the training of all of the staff within the business. You will get a sole responsibility for identifying training needs. You will be developing and maintaining training and doing personal development plans for team members. Also, you will be responsible for monitoring staff through training programmes, making sure that all of the personal targets are delivered. The ideal Training Manager will have an experience of working within the restaurants environment, but we may only consider people who come from catering background. You will have a strong experience of planning and delivering training and good understanding of training funding streams available. Ideally, you will be working towards CPP. This is a great opportunity to join a very successful and wellknown company Training Manager opportunity  Central London Salary: **** Interested in this challenge  send your CV to Arnaud at ACcorecruitment.com COREcruitment are experts in recruiting for the service sector. We currently have over **** live roles across the UK, Middle East, Europe, North America, South East Asia, Africa and Australia. To view other great opportunities please check out our website at www.corecruitment.com or call us on **** **** **** **** for a confidential chat about upcoming opportunities. COREcruitment operate one of the best referral schemes in the industry  know anyone looking for a new challenge? Email teamcorecruitment.com with your contacts CV  you could earn up to **** Follow COREcruitment on your favourite social networks  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google and Pinterest. We give away fantastic prizes every month This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/TrainingManagerneededRestaurantGroupCentralLondon_job****	Central London / West End London South East	London			COREcruitment International	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	35000 Per Annum	35000	caterer.com	0
167313	71305709	1st / 2nd Line Desktop Support / Immediate / Temp  Perm	1st / 2nd Line Desktop Support / Desktop Engineer / Immediate Start  Contract to Permanent  Up to **** per day / Bromley / Must have Citrix experience. A 1st / 2nd Line Desktop Support Engineer / Desktop Engineer / Service Desk Engineer are required to join this leading Managed Service Provider in the Bromley area. The 1st / 2nd Line Desktop Support Engineer will be providing face to face support to multiple users mainly 1st / 2nd line duties. Our client is looking for experienced 1st/2nd Line Support Analyst to join their busy team supporting a variety of users in a desk side capacity. This is a fantastic opportunity for any aspiring IT Engineer to develop their career with a leading company and further their technical skill set. This is a contract to permanent position starting immediately, paying up to **** per day on a 3 /**** month temp to perm contract. Key responsibilities: Responding to fault calls via telephone email Resolving 1st 2nd line queries  Escalating when appropriate Substantial Citrix experience Taking ownership effectively fixing all issues. Managing calls for 3rd party companies. Maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction Logging all issues on a call logging system  Remedy / Heat Working knowledge of Active Directory Microsoft Office Troubleshooting Hardware Software Troubleshooting Office moves Migration from Windows XP to Windows 7 Exposure to Exchange would be advantageous IT Certifications would be advantageous Key Competencies: High level of Windows desktop operating systems. Excellent level of customer service skills. Excellent telephone manner. Ability to troubleshoot diagnose network issues. This is a great opportunity to further your technical skill set in a 1st /2nd line capacity. Please apply ensuring your CV fully details your skills and experience. The closing date for applications is ****/****/**** Please apply to lorrainesjustit.co.uk / **** ****ey Skills: IT Services, 1st/2nd line, IT Engineer, Active Directory, Call Logging, Exchange, MCP, MCITP, MCTS, MCSE, MCSA, troubleshoot, Customer Service, Citrix, Bromely, This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/1st2ndLineDesktopSupportImmediateTempPerm_job****	Bromley, Kent Kent South East	UK		contract	Just IT Recruitment	IT Jobs	100 - 110 per day	25200	cwjobs.co.uk	0
110737	69673568	Accounts Receivable Specialist	Accounts Receivable Specialist Client: Our client, a large manufacturing organisation, require an experienced accounts receivable specialist to join their busy finance team due to a expansion in head count. The ideal candidate must have experience of working within a fast paced manufacturing environment, and have worked within a busy shared service background. Responsibilities:  Sales invoicing  Credit review  Review credit limits  Respond to customer queries  Reviewing accounts for errors  Collection of all invoices due payment  Implement customer communication process  Weekly reporting into the AR manager The Ideal Person:  Previous experience within an accounts receivable/credit department  Anyone coming from a shared service background would be at an advantage  Previous high volume credit experience  Educated to A level or equivalent  Experience using MS Excel and Word  Knowledge of Oracle  Experience using large scale accounting software Remuneration: �****  �**** For further information please apply via the link on this page. (IF YOU HAVE FORWARDED YOUR CV TO VANRATH WITHIN THE LAST 3 MONTHS please do not apply as our specialist consultants are aware of your availability. If you would like to contact VanRath for an update please call our consultants directly on **** **** ****)	Co. Tyrone, UK	UK	full_time	permanent	VanRath Accountancy	Accounting & Finance Jobs	10,000 - 20,000	15000	nijobfinder.co.uk	0
142190	70598850	Rehabilitation Worker (Visual Impairment)  Disability Team (Physical and Sensory) Adults	****  **** (pro rata) (Subject to Single Status)  18.5 Hours Per Week We are seeking a Rehabilitation Worker who can listen with respect and act with confidence in promoting the quality of life of people with sight loss. You will have:  a recognised qualification in rehabilitation work with visually impaired people  experience of the needs and aspirations of visually impaired adults  good IT skills  a passion for social justice and equality of opportunity . For further information, please contact Nicky Hack or Patrick Haywood on (****) 553653. Most posts within the Council are subject to review under the Single Status agreement (Teachers are excluded). Further details are given in application packs. CLOSING DATE 30 JANUARY 2013	Wolverhampton	Wolverhampton	part_time		Wolverhampton City Council	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	20,198.00 - 30,011.00 per year	25104	Jobcentre Plus	0
147796	70758904	Motor Vehicle Technician	My client is looking for enthusiastic, efficient and selfmotivated Motor Vehicle Technicians to join their dealerships based in Middlesex and Buckinghamshire. The successful applicant will find themselves working with one of the fastest growing and successful automotive groups in the UK. Your objective will be to service, repair and diagnose vehicles to an excellent standard. The Role To perform all work assigned quickly, economically and to company and manufacturer s standards You will be responsible for routine servicing and repairs, breaks, gearbox and clutch repairs and replacements, electronic and mechanical fault finding, electrics and all other duties associated with the role Assist management with the introduction of new methods of work designed to improve efficiency Ensure all work is completed in the set manufacturer time scales and promote first time fix You will be able to recognise and report on vehicle and component serviceability with an emphasis on customer and public safety as you minimise costs for the customer.Who we are looking for Experience working in a franchised car dealership is essential You will be flexible in your approach Have excellent productivity and efficiency levels Be able to work as part of a team Be able to efficiently work under pressureWhat s on offer Excellent Salary plus bonus opportunities Interested? If this sounds like you then we want to hear from you please send your CV to Sophie at HCP HCP International is a global automotive search consultancy	Hertfordshire	Hertfordshire		permanent	HCP International Ltd	Other/General Jobs	20000 - 24000/annum plus bonus	22000	cv-library.co.uk	0
185326	71674988	Semi Senior	This Fareham based Semi Senior role will be an accountsfocussedposition with an emphasis on accounts preparation and personal tax. The ideal candidate for this Semi Senior role will be a qualified accountant, looking to take on a new challenge and expand upon their knowledge of the accountancy practice world. Our client is an established accountancy practice with a broad client base, ranging from charities and doctors to solicitors and dentists. Competitive salary and benefits package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SemiSenior_job****	Portsmouth Hampshire South East	Portsmouth		permanent	Michael Page Finance	Accounting & Finance Jobs	18000 to 20000 per annum	19000	totaljobs.com	0
40398	68360362	Business Consultant Customer Analytics (SQL)	Business Consultant Customer Analytics (SQL) This is an exciting opportunity to join a global brand name organisation that is currently expanding its marketing analytics function. Providing both products and services to a global audience, this company offers career progression, development and a challenge for the right candidate. THE COMPANY: A global service, technology and product provider that are a marketleader within their field. This is an exciting opportunity for a motivated candidate that is keen to join a dynamic team, fastpaced team within their analytics function based in London. The company are looking to invest in their analytics function in order to improve both B2B and B2C propositions and overall ROI. THE ROLE: The Data Consultant will work across the BI and marketing teams within the analytics function. You will be responsible for ensuring that data is being used effectively to improve customer targeting strategies and overall propositions. You will need to understand what needs to be achieved from multichannel campaigns across a range of product lines, and will work with various teams as required to make sure this is achieved; for example, working with data teams to ensure data quality and formatting is correct, segmentations are inline with the target audience, and analysts have had input to achieve maximum ROI. Although this is not a technical role, you will be involved in adhoc analysis and will be working in an SQL environment, so it is essential you have knowledge of SQL and have worked in a datadriven environment. Communication is a large part of this role you will work with senior stakeholders across the business to deliver recommendations, as well as working with different teams to achieve marketing aims. You will need to engage with seniors within the business, delivering actionable insights, and pitching new ideas. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: The successful candidate will have the following essential skills and experience:  Educated to degree level (or equivalent) to a **** level  Experience working between teams and business units, creating datadriven insights, and working with senior stakeholders to deliver and implement recommendations  Experience working in a data / analytics driven environment, ideally with some exposure to SQL THE BENEFITS: Salary is up to ****  a competitive benefits package. HOW TO APPLY: To be considered for the Business Consultant position, hit the 'Apply' button above now, or contact Sayda Raffiq on **** **** **** or saydaraffiqharnhamsearch.com Business Consultant Customer Analytics (SQL) This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessConsultantCustomerAnalyticsSQL_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Harnham Search & Selection	IT Jobs	45000 - 50000 per annum + Benefits Package	47500	cwjobs.co.uk	1
107538	69598530	Ecommerce Manager/Digital Marketing Manager  Oxford  ****k	We are currently looking for a Web Development Content Manager to manage the company’s global web content of the ecommerce platform across multiple different geographies. This role will work to optimise onsite consumer experience and ensuring all marketing activity is executed on the site in accordance with the strategy and activity across all geographies each month whilst meeting, and aiming to exceed, the direct set sales targets. They will be responsible for managing and delivering new site launches for the business as well managing the web development road map for site and functionality enhancements. Key Accountabilities: Responsible for managing, driving and executing the web content across all sites, paying close attention to localisation. Responsible for maintaining the localisation activity planners and the execution of local market content. Working closely with the Email Online Campaign Manager you will be responsible for the timely delivery of promotional content to the website, including new product releases, bespoke landing pages and any additional added value content. Defining and agreeing project scope, outputs, and timescale, quality and cost Establishing project structures, roles and teams, and then planning, monitoring and reporting on their work Working with the wider ebusiness team to resolve live service incidents, allocate the right resources and communicate progress Work with all members of the online team to ensure consistency across all online channels. To assist the Head of Ecommerce with ad hoc duties as and when required. Key Activities Ensure that all geographies content is optimised and localised, through development of the web content activity planners. Briefing assets to the design team, building the campaigns within the CMS tool and deployment. Working in conjunction with the Email Online Campaign Manager to fully delivery all site content, promotions and the development plan on time and in budget. Managing the web development roadmap Works on a daily basis with web development agency Analysis and reporting of onsite metrics and make and implement changes to drive improvements. For more information Please contact Chris Bubb at Madison Bridge Associates. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EcommerceManagerDigitalMarketingManagerOxford****k_job****	Oxford Oxfordshire South East	Oxford		permanent	Madison Bridge	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	From 35,000 to 40,000 per annum	37500	totaljobs.com	0
234999	72540143	Certification Manager Accredited Certification, Milton Keynes	Certification Manager  Accredited Certification, Milton Keynes Job Type: Permanent Location: Milton Keynes Salary: **** Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Reference: CertManMK The Certification Manager is responsible for the day to day direction and management of the certification process including audit planning, reviewing of audit packs, and certification decisions. Major Responsibilities: 1.Oversee the management of certification rules and regulations. 2.Coordinate all planning and decision making on certification projects. ****Responsibility for the preparation of audit plans. ****Schedule audit visits and assign audit teams. 5.Ensure certification projects are progressed promptly. ****Line manager for certification department staff. 7.Make recommendations to the Chief Executive for sanctions against clients as necessary. ****Attend Certification Committee meetings. 9.Health & Safety Responsibilities. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 5 years experience in a similar certification management role working for an accredited certification body in the construction / engineering sector. You will be a registered lead auditor for ISO 9001, ISO 14001. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Certification Manager for a UKAS Accredited Evaluation body, British Standards Institute, International Standards Organaistion or similar Accredited Certification Body and living within a commutable distance of Milton Keynes, Oxford, Northampton, Luton or be willing to relocate. Any knowledge of cable and wire manufacture will be of great interest. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value	Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire	Milton Keynes		permanent	System Recruitment	Manufacturing Jobs	40000 - 45000/annum	42500	cv-library.co.uk	0
158736	71148842	Head Chef Conference and Banqueting	Head Chef Conference and Banqueting **** Prestigious Hotel Surrey Highest quality ingredients Your tailored menus Private Dining circa **** per annum service charges ****/****) This splendid and highly prestigious country mansion, situated in acres of stunning grounds, offers everything that its discerning clientele could possibly wish for. It is internationally renowned for its luxurious accommodation, its exemplary levels of service, and for its awardwinning cuisine, which is served in both its formal and relaxed restaurants, using the freshest of local and seasonal ingredients. **** hotel A Head Chef is sought to lead the Conference and Banqueting team. Heading the skilled team you will be able to prepare many inspirational and flamboyant dishes, using only the very finest ingredients for a distinguished and highly appreciative clientele. Private dining rooms Here you will be able to introduce your own ideas for new dishes and using innovative ingredients  to demonstrate your expertise in delivering high culinary standards whilst managing the team and associated administrative and G.P. responsibilities.Functions Conference and weddings The conference and banqueting offers tailored menus which mayrange from a full complex banquet to a simple buffet. Head Chef Conference and Banqueting If you are looking to achieve firstrate professional experience as a Head Chef, plus you have the enthusiasm and motivation to join a team that works at the cutting edge of fine cuisine on a daily basis  then this position represents an opportunity with strong prospects. Head chef Conference and Banqueting It is essential to the appropriate previous experience in a recognised prestigious hotel or restaurant. Head Chef This is an exciting opportunity with **** renowned hotel Apply now if you have the required background …. Please ensure you are able to attend an interview…. Please ensure you have the legal right to live and work in the UK	Bagshot, Surrey, UK, Surrey	Bagshot			Catering Solutions	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 30,000 to 33,000 per annum	31500	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
91624	69171596	Warehouse Night Shift Manager	Warehouse Night Shift Manager Buckinghamshire Shift 10pm 6am To manage and monitor, through the Team Leaders the warehouse functions, to ensure the effective and efficient running of the shift. To ensure the areas of operational responsibility run in line with plans and are completed on schedule, to the standard required by the company and the customer. Responsible for Team Leaders, Warehouse operatives and Agency staff Control and be accountable for all Warehouse shift activities, ensuring pick and load deadlines are met and that adequate resource plans are in place to achieve daily customer service KPIs Collate management information, labour and volume reports, complete daily reports as required Ensure that Quality, Health Safety and Environment standards are maintained and ensure that all accidents are investigated in an accurate and timely manner to the required company standard Respond constructively to customer requests to develop a proactive relationship with customers to create positive image to minimize disruption to the business Provide best possible employee relations by positive leadership, encouragement, motivation and regular communication Review and appraise FLMs through PMPR process Ensure compliance of the operation to the quality systems, industry standards and legal requirements. Ensure all company policies and procedures are adhered to by employees, agency staff and visitors and that any necessary corrective or disciplinary action is undertaken Ensure you have the right level of MHE on site to complete the required tasks In addition to these duties, you may be required to undertake other duties in line with the needs of the business, where appropriate training provided. Key Skills Previous Warehouse management experience FMCG Retail / Food or similar operational background Pick by line warehouse activity Preparation of KPI information Good understanding of KPIs Basic warehouse management Rota and resource planning Knowledge of the legal requirements applicable to HACCP regulations Excellent communication skills Basic employment law Ability to perform under pressure Able to use initiative, organise own and others workload and to tight deadlines Team player with proven leadership skills Hays EA is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WarehouseNightShiftManager_job****	Buckinghamshire South East	Buckinghamshire		permanent	Hays	Other/General Jobs	20000.00 - 33000.00 per annum	26500	totaljobs.com	0
33994	68196177	Adult  Speech and Language Therapist	Medicspro are currently looking for an Adult Speech and Language Therapist to cover a mixture of inpatients and outpatients on a part time basis. You must have experience in Dysphagia and acquired Neuro both progressive and non progressive. The position is 3 days per week and is to commence ASAP for an indefinite period. Use of a car is not needed and accommodation can be arranged. Please call Harley Hill on **** **** ****	Bedfordshire	Bedfordshire	full_time	contract	MedicsPro Ltd	Other/General Jobs	25 - 35 per hour	57600	wileyjobnetwork.com	1
48078	68591235	SOUS CHEF TONBRIDGE	The Chaser Inn has been Winner of the London **** Food Drinks Awards Best Gastro Pub and is looking for a full time Sous Chef with excellent cooking skills, ambition and flair who wants to reach the top of their profession. You will be a great team player with strong organisational skills and the ability to thrive in a very busy kitchen where our reputation for consistently preparing, cooking and presenting our dishes to the right quality is award winning. You will assist and deputise for the Head Chef in getting the best out of the team, maintaining good gross profits, driving hygiene standards, controlling stock ordering and rotation. This is a vital role in the pub and we try to promote from within so this is an excellent stepping stone to future development within the award winning Whiting and Hammond group of pubs. This is a full time role covering days, evenings and weekends. You will be rewarded with a great salary of **** to **** p.a. depending on experience as well as a discretionasry bonus and tips. We will supply your chef whites and food and drink on duty This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SOUSCHEFTONBRIDGE_job****	Tonbridge Kent South East	Tonbridge			Whiting and Hammond	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 20,000 to 24,000 per annum plus discretionary bonus and tips	22000	caterer.com	0
111236	69684935	Sales Specialist/Medical Sales Executive	Sales Specialist/Medical Sales Executive – Scientific Capital Equipment ****k  ****k  Car National and Export Role THE COMPANY: Established over forty years ago and currently leading their marketplace, this growing company is searching for a new sales specialist. They sell electron microscopes for use in small cell applications, and include a full range of support packages to complete their offering. This role is to manage existing customers in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, medical and university laboratories space, selling to professors, laboratory staff, buyers and quality control managers. You will be travelling extensively in the UK, Israel and South Africa and will be based from home. Extensive training with product specialists will ensure your success here. THE PERSON: The successful sales candidate will have the following skills; You will ideally have a PhD level qualification coupled with sales and laboratory experienceCandidates with a chemistry, physics or biomedical sciences background will also be consideredA working laboratory background is essentialHardworking and hungry individuals with a strong desire to succeed are sought, and will benefit from ongoing sales career options THE PACKAGE: ****k Basic Salary ****k CommissionFully Expensed Company CarMobile, Laptop, Pension, Healthcare, ****5 Days Holidays BMS is a leading consultancy specialising in sales recruitment. Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The Midlands office in Coventry formally opened in **** and was introduced to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout the Midlands. BMS offers sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Sales Engineers, Area Sales Managers and Account Managers. Conveniently located just off junction 2 of the M6, we are committed to meeting all potentially suitable candidates face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com or contact our specialist medical sales consultant Oliver Fox on **** ****	Birmingham	Birmingham	full_time		BMS Recruitment	Sales Jobs	35000	35000	careerbuilder.com	0
198295	71847699	MLH Sales Representative	MLH Sales Representative  Life Science Consumables  South East London  To ****K plus bonus and car This company have over 35 years in the industry and distribute a specialist range of instruments and products for liquid handling, chromatography, chemical and bioanalysis. They now require an MLH Sales Representative for their range of single, multichannel and specialist pipettes. Based from home, you will cover the South East of London and MUST live on territory. You will develop the sales territory in line with the company's expectations for sales and profitability for the area, implementing relevant market and account strategies. You will develop a number of key accounts with prestigious establishments and so a highly professional attitude and image are important attributes. This role would appeal to someone with a couple of years laboratory experience ideally using pipettes. Full sales training will be given but you must be able to demonstrate commercial flair and a determined, tenacious and outgoing personality. Retail sales experience of a technical product combined with the scientific knowledge would be advantageous. You will be educated to Degree level or equivalent in a Life Science subject. Key words  Sales Representative, Sales Specialist, Scientific Sales, Life Science, London Delta Consultants  Scientific and Medical Recruitment  Applying the Art of Recruitment Science Scientific Sales  Medical Sales  Laboratory Sales  Technical Sales  Service EngineersDelta Consultants Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MLHSalesRepresentative_job****	South East London London South East	South East London		permanent	Delta Consultants.	Scientific & QA Jobs	21000 - 25000 per annum	23000	totaljobs.com	0
103056	69556747	Linux Systems Administrator	Linux Systems Administrator County Kerry My client is based in picturesque County Kerry, looking for a number of Linux System Administrators with around 45 years experience. If you are looking to join a rapidly expanding team of talented systems professionals, then this is the perfect position for you Linux Systems Administrator County Kerry My client is based in picturesque County Kerry, looking for a number of Linux System Administrators with around 45 years experience. If you are looking to join a rapidly expanding team of talented systems professionals, then this is the perfect position for you With a competitive salary and bonus on offer, this role is not to be passed up if you have experience in maintaining and operating server platforms. Current Technology Stack: Tomcat, Redhat, Oracle, MySQL, VMWare, Java, Linux. If you&x2019 re looking for an exciting career move, please get in contact today by calling Ruth Reaney on **** or apply today online. Reperio Human Capital Limited acts as an Employment Agency and an Employment Business.	Republic of Ireland Kerry	UK		permanent	Reperio Human Capital Ltd	IT Jobs	30000 - 55000 per annum	42500	careers4a.com	0
175929	71451610	Seeking Arabic Speaking Managers looking to relocate to UAE	Elite Associates is seeking strong experienced managers with luxury experience who will relocate to United Arab Emirates. OUR CLIENT  a GLOBAL LUXURY FASHION BRAND that sells top quality accessories, shoes, leather goods, ready to wear for men and women frequently seen on the red carpet, worn by Alist celebrities and style stars around the world Our vacancies are located across the following countries: DUBAI, ABU DHABI, QATAR, KUWAIT and BAHRAIN. OUR POSITIONS REQUIRE FULL KNOWLEDGE OF ENGLISH AND ARABIC LANGUAGES. If you are:  Interested in gaining international experience in the UAE with one of the world's top luxury brands Have previous relevant experience (35 years in the management of a luxury store)  And speak fluent Arabic and English Then: Please send your CV now to Inetaeliteassociates.co.uk to receive more information on this fantastic opportunity. PLEASE NOTE THAT DUE TO HIGH NUMBERS OF APPLICATIONS ONLY SHORTLISTED CANDIDATES WILL BE CONTACTED. THANKS AND GOOD LUCK This job was originally posted as www.retailchoice.com/JobSeeking/SeekingArabicSpeakingManagerslookingtorelocatetoUAE_job****	Dubai	UK		permanent	Elite Associates	Retail Jobs	40000 - 52000 per annum + TAX FREE	46000	retailchoice.com	1
192717	71760571	Business Analyst (Corporate Banking, Debt Finance, SQL)	Business Analyst (Corporate Banking, Debt Finance, SQL) My client is a major financial institution looking for a Business Analyst to join them for the role of Business Analyst (Corporate Banking, Debt Finance, SQL). The Business Analyst (Corporate Banking, Debt Finance, SQL) will be working in corporate banking attain and interpret requirements and design solutions to aid the successful delivery of the project. Experience of debt finance is not essential but will naturally be beneficial. Candidates from investment banking will be held in higher regard than those from other areas of banking so Business Analysts from a full service investment banks are encouraged to apply. Ideally the best candidates will come from a technical background and will have displayed career progression up to a Business Analyst role from a developer or testing position, business systems analysts will also be suitable. This role is targeting a strong personality so excellent: communication, client facing skills and stakeholder management are a must. A successful Business Analyst (Corporate Banking, Debt Finance, SQL) should be: Currently working an investment bank Excellent communication skills and experience of dealing with senior stakeholders Data analysis and modelling experience involving data bases Extensive UI design experience Experience of formal modelling techniques Excellent problem solving skills An exceptional education with at least a ****:**** or above from a well regarded university It is preferred a Business Analyst (Corporate Banking, Debt Finance, SQL) will have: Experience of Debt Finance Experience or knowledge of loan IQ Has industry relevant credentials such as ISEB Has previous experience in banking or financial services or a management consultancy whose clients are within financial services. This is an amazing opportunity to join a fast paced organisation at one of the world’s outstanding performers in corporate banking. To accompany this an industry leading package and genuine career progression is on offer for the role of Business Analyst (Corporate Banking, Debt Finance, SQL). For further information please contact Oliver Evans on **** **** **** . Alternatively forward your CV to Oliver.EvansAnsonMcCade.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystCorporateBankingDebtFinanceSQL_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	ANSON MCCADE	IT Jobs	Up to 55,000 per annum + benefits including banking bonus	55000	cwjobs.co.uk	1
199908	71852127	Assistant Project Manager	I am currently looking for an Interim Assistant Project Manager for my central government client based inLondon. You will be supporting the delivery of franchise agreements and other contingency arrangements within the programme. You will be also responsible for: Establishing and maintaining document control processes, and ensuring compliance with the document control process and that documentation is available for quality reviews and audits, Assisting the Project Manager to plan and coordinate the project lessons learned process Populating and maintaining the Q A spreadsheet, drafting responses and allocating questions Arranging franchisee meetings, steering and working group meetings Maintaining and updating progress schedules, risk registers and providing initial drafts of periodic progress reports Monitoring and forecasting expenditure against technical, financial and legal advisor contracts to ensure prompt payments. To be considered for this post you must have: Programme and project management experience within central government ideally within theUKrail/transport industry Experience of supporting project and risk management Ability to provide reliable and timely project support People management skills Excellent communication skills Be proficient in MS Office, in particular MS Project, Word, Excel and Outlook. Capita Resourcing Limited, part of the Capita Group Plc, offers services of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantProjectManager_job****	London South East	South East London		contract	Capita Resourcing Maidenhead	Other/General Jobs	200 - 220 per day	50400	totaljobs.com	1
196764	71821206	Automation Engineer  Defence Organisation	Automation Engineer Bristol ****  **** A leading defence company is looking for an Automation Engineer to work in the Bristol office. You ll specify and design control systems for naval and commercial projects, ensuring that contract and project requirements are satisfied. This role will involve: You ll produce and maintain functional design specifications to which Integrated Platform Management Systems software will be designed and accepted. You ll programme PLC and DCS systems using standard tools and languages. You ll justify specifications, designs and product selection of architecture components, interfaces and protocols, through analysis reports and tradeoff studies. Experience needed: You ll ideally have experience in an Electrical or Control Systems Engineering role. Knowledge of PLC, DCS and SCADA products would be advantageous. Familiarity with marine, defence or Control Instrumentation applications would be beneficial. If you are interested in this role, please respond by email with an updated copy of your CV If this role is not of interest, please pass this to someone you think might be. JAM is acting as an Employment Agency with respect to this vacancy	Bristol, South West	Bristol		permanent	JAM Recruitment Ltd	Engineering Jobs	40000 - 45000/annum	42500	cv-library.co.uk	0
80454	69022355	Graphic Designer InDesign, HTML, **** month FT, ****	Graphic Designer  InDesign, HTML, Javascript, **** month Fixed term, **** Graphic Designer  InDesign, HTML, Javascript, **** month Fixed term ****. My client, a large and expanding software house in Cobham, Surrey, are looking for a Graphic Designer with experience with InDesign, HTML, Javascript and print advertisement for a **** month Fixed term contract to cover maternity leave. From day to day you will be reporting into the Design Lead with the primary responsibility of designing and producing all of the company s sales s brand across the business. Responsibilities include:  Design and production of sales & marketing collateral  In house & division design team management  External design agency management  Brand management/ambassador  Customer portal administration  Product interface design  Documentation template maintenance  New acquisition brand management  Intranet maintenance Core competencies / skills:  Knowledge & working experience of the adobe suite (InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Fireworks, Acrobat, Flash & Dreamweaver)  Quark  Knowledge of the print processes  Production of print advertisement  Experience working with design agencies  GUI product interface design  Project management  Scheduling team workloads  Excel, Access, MS office skills (inc ppt & windows movie maker)  Html, Javascript & css coding skills  Knowledge of working with web hosting environments  Version control software The right candidate will be rewarded with a salary of up to 30,000 plus an excellent benefits package for this fixed term **** month role. To apply just click the apply now button below or email me directly at	Cobham, Surrey	Cobham		permanent	Pearson Whiffin Affinity	IT Jobs	27000 - 30000/annum	28500	cv-library.co.uk	0
101413	69545249	Technical Writer / Technical Author  IT Software	Job Title: Technical Writer / Technical Author  IT Software Solutions  Hungerford, Berkshire Salary: ****  ****  Bonus  Pension  Benefits Skills: Technical Writer, Technical Author, QA, IT Software, Quality Assurance, HTML, XML, Project Management, Delivery Due to increased growth and success of the company, a new position for an experienced Technical Writer / Technical Author is now available within their IT Research Development Department. This is a great opportunity to work within rapidly growing team environment where you will participate in the creation and maintenance of product help files for a variety of software development projects. Company: Our client is a leading software services company with over 30 years of experience, working with its Tier **** customers in many sectors and has built up a unique depth of knowledge and expertise, a reputation for classleading products. The Company looks for individuals who value being part of a winning team and enjoy working in an energetic and dynamic environment that rewards dedication and hard work. The company strives to offer security for both staff and customers and provides excellent products and quality services to its focused market areas. Employment at the Company is based solely on individual merit and qualifications directly related to professional competence. With through ongoing training and career management, the Company offers opportunities for individual growth and development. Responsibilities: To Develop and maintain core Accountancy IT Solutions/Software To develop and maintain product help files using various documents provided by the R D team. Technical writing, updating and proof reading of help files. To assist and take day to day direction on tasks from the Senior Technical Writer Ensure that the IT documentation provided by the R D team is adequate and fit for the purpose of creating help files. Improve and maintain the Release notes for every software release. The ideal Technical Writer must be able to demonstrate the following skills and experience: Ideally 2 years experience of working as a Technical Writer / Technical Author and ideally within a QA/Release environment preferably in the field of IT software Applications documentation / IT applications documentation. Strong analytical skills Experience developing hand coded HTML and reading source XML. Good computer skills, ideally with an understanding of programming. An Accountancy background is desirable Remuneration for the Technical Writer / Technical Author: Salary: To **** dependent on experience  bonus Benefits : Onsite Gym, Restaurant and genuine long term career prospects Start: ASAP Skills: Technical Writer, Technical Author, QA, IT Berkshire, Permanent, Retail, HTML, XML, Project Management, Delivery This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalWriterTechnicalAuthorITSoftware_job****	Hungerford, Berkshire Berkshire South East	Hungerford		permanent	Xperian Recruitment Limited	IT Jobs	From 30,000 to 35,000 per annum +Bonus + Pension + Benefits	32500	cwjobs.co.uk	0
56869	68683849	Finance Officer job, Bangor, North Wales	For this Finance Officer job in Bangor, North Wales we are seeking a proactive and experienced Finance officer to take full ownership of all the day to day accounts for a multimillion pound turnover business. Reporting to the Financial Controller you will have full ownership and responsibility for all day to day accounting procedures, in addition to managing multi currency accounts. Day to day duties will include: VAT quarterly returns Year end procedures Month end procedures Bank reconciliations (4 accounts including Euro and Sterling) Sale accounts Sales ledger Purchase ledger Processing expenses Sage stock control Customer statements Managing invoice discounting Producing management reports for Directors as requested Monthly payroll using Sage To be considered for this Finance Officer job in Bangor, North Wales applicants must be confident, bright and proactive who are looking to commit long term to a growing organisation. In addition, you should have previous experience of managing all aspects of accounting functions and be capable of working under your own initiative and unsupervised. Experience of Sage an advantage, but not essential. Working in an open plan office environment, you should have a friendly demeanour and a flexible approach, willing to help out and support others when necessary. This is a part time, permanent position working ****  4 days per week, between ****:****  ****:**** If this sounds like the perfect job for you and you have the suitable skills and experience, apply today to avoid missing out. Interviews taking place 15th  25th January 2013. Thank you for viewing this Finance Officer job in Bangor, North Wales. For details of other positions please contact Supertemps, the leading Recruitment Agency in North Wales. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceOfficerjobBangorNorthWales_job****	Bangor, Gwynedd Gwynedd Wales	Bangor		permanent	Supertemps	Accounting & Finance Jobs	18,000 - 20,000 pro rata	19000	totaljobs.com	0
72784	68849674	Domestic Assistant	Domestic Assistant **** per hour 21 hours per week Leeds, Headingley Victoria Court is an independent living with care scheme, part of MHA, one of the most respected charities providing care, accommodation and support services for **** older people throughout Britain. Established 70 years ago, MHA's aim is to improve the quality of life for older people, nurturing mind, body and spirit. Would you like to make a positive contribution to benefit older people? As part of a dedicated team you will provide a comfortable, safe and hygienic environment for residents and staff. Experience is desirable but your respect for older people and willingness to undertake training is more important. In return we offer MHA's Staff Membership Scheme which includes training, pension, life assurance, sick pay, annual reward, and lots more. To apply or find out more, please click the 'apply now' button to email Gillian Green. Closing date: Wednesday 30 January 2013.	Leeds, Yorkshire	Leeds		permanent		Charity & Voluntary Jobs	6.60 per hour	12672	jobstoday.co.uk	0
50155	68630477	GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / GRADUATE SALES TRAINEE	GRADUATE SALES EXECUTIVE / GRADUATE SALES TRAINEESector: Retail Games Location: South EastSalary: **** Basic salary Plus 20% BonusWell established organisationGlobally recognised brandMulti billion pound turnoverFace to Face client visitsThe Role: Working from home, as a graduate sales executive you will cover a field sales territory. As a sales professional you will be managing and growing a network of retail accounts, both independent and multiple, dealing with shop owners and managers. The company will set you strict objectives of making between **** face to face visits a day and your aim will be to grow individual account expenditure. Candidates will need to have a degree with some sort of experience working within the retail sector. The Company: One of the biggest retail game companies in the UK has an exciting and unique opportunity for a graduate sales professional to join their retail account team. This is a fantastic opportunity to gain blue chip experience within a field sales role. As a Graduate Sales Executive responsibilities will include:Developing accountsManaging a field sales regionDealing with store ownersMaking face to face sales calls For this Graduate Sales Executive position, we are looking for individuals who meet the following criteria:Educated to degree levelExperience working in retail Excellent verbal and communication skillsAmbitious, driven and target orientatedStrong work ethicThe Package for this Graduate Sales role:**** Basic salary Plus 20% BonusCompany CarMobilePension25 days holidayAbout BMS Graduate Recruitment LLP: We focus on helping future sales professionals to find graduate jobs and specifically graduates sales jobs. We specialise in graduate assessment, placement and sales training. Established in 1990, we've developed a strong brand, synonymous with graduate sales recruitment and sales training. We work with a prestigious client base of global companies and provide them with a range of services to ensure they attract, retain and develop the best graduate talent in the UK. Please visit our website at www.bmsgraduates.com or call Sharon Wright (Graduate Manager) on **** **** to discuss your job search.	London	London		permanent		Sales Jobs	20k - 25k	22500	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
23518	67445660	CLEANER	Essential requirements: cleaning experience advantageous. Duties include: cleaning offices, desks, window sill. 16 hours per week, 5.30pm8.45pm MondayThursday, 5.30pm8.30pm Friday. To apply contact Jackie Ablett on ****	Shipley	Shipley	part_time		ISS Facilities Services	Maintenance Jobs	6.25 - 8.50 per hour	14160	Jobcentre Plus	0
21568	67326052	No Experience Necessary Sales and Customer Service Opportunities	Are you stuck in a dead end job? Tired of waiting on others to progress? Fast paced Sales and Marketing company has opportunities for you to grab making this New Year your Year After a highly successful year in 2012, seeing the organisation grow tremendously in size, this Sales & Marketing Company has plans for their biggest year yet in 2013 Why not be a part of it? They have created **** openings for the areas of:  Sales  Customer Service & Acquisition  Marketing & Promotions  Business Development Opportunities (for more ambitious candidates only) If you consider yourself to be hardworking, ambitious and enjoy working with people then we'd like to hear from YOU NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE NEEDED AS FULL PRODUCT TRAINING OFFERED ******** Per Week Average Earnings. You must currently live in the local area and be able to commute to the office on a daily basis. We are no longer looking for any summer workers, students or parttime people so please do not apply as your application will not be considered. To apply for this advert please use this site's online system, remembering to attach your CV to your application. Please make sure your full name, address and contact details are available so we can contact you if you are successful. _____________________ related keywords: entry level, full time, retail, sales, marketing, customer service, public relations, entry level sales, retail, restaurant, hospitality, promotions, general business,sports, entertainment, business development, business administration, management, manager, training, pr, other, sales and marketing	Kent	Kent	full_time	permanent	Simply Ltd	Customer Services Jobs	From 13,000 to 31,000 per year + Average Earnings	22000	hotrecruit.com	0
36080	68241931	Financial Analyst	Attributes required: Qualified (ACA, ACCA, CIMA) Budgeting and forecasting exp (managing, not participating in) Group accounting experience Very strong communication skills (for presentation to managers with English as a second language) To have displayed initiative and ability to interpret data for complex business issues (you will need to create new data reports to support business growth) Ability to understand complex business or matrixstructured businesses (either with exposure across a whole business, or experience within a large conglomerate, or strong group experience) Financial analysis and strategy Budget planning, scheduling and coordination Preparing the annual budget and prospect for submission to management Tracking monthly business performance and creating management reports Supporting the management of group companies Ensuring compliance with both Group Rules and applicable legislation Considerable experience working in a similar role Good knowledge of SAP or similar accounting software Strong MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint skills Experience in financial management and accounting Morgan Hunt is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. Morgan Hunt is an equal opportunities employer.	London	London	full_time	permanent	Morgan Hunt	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 58,000 to 70,000 per year	64000	GAAPweb	1
107026	69594524	Sales and Marketing Support Executive	This newly created role presents an exciting opportunity to work within a fast paced team, delivering much needed analytical and administrative support. You will be integral in ensuring the operational effectiveness of the teams activities. The role is to support the team manager. Main Responsibilities:  To provide internal support to the sales associates within the sector to achieve the sector sales and IMU targets as a minimum  To continually analyse and prepare data for the sales associates to improve the overall contract EBIT position  To action the majority of noncustomer facing activity i.e. preparation of customer facing analysis, pricing, data analysis, contract review information, margin improvement analysis  Management of oneoff projects  Managing the marketing strategy and the emarketing tool Experience, ideally putting brochures together and other marketing material.  Strong experience in (sales, finance or account management)  working within a structured sales environment  Ability to interpret data and trend analysis  Experience of sales, finance, stock planning and/or purchasing is an advantage Knowledge Skills:  Advanced level knowledge of MS Office applications are absolutely essential and critical to the role  Commercially astute, the ability to calculate and prepare financial analysis to determine profit and/or margin Personal attributes:  The ability to plan, organise and prepare  Excellent verbal and oral communication skills  Attention to detail, to deliver accurate, quality data  The ability to work under pressure  Be able to network internally at senior level  The ability to think independently, offer solutions / suggestions and be confident to express ideas and opinions The ideal candidate will have a strong account manager/sales background and some basic marketing skills who is looking for the next step who also has strong admin (especially excel and SAP) and analytical skills. The company offer excellent blue chip benefits including pension scheme, excellent training and development opportunities. If you are interested in this role please send your CV ASAP as the client is looking at interviewing beginning of February. Adecco are an equal opportunity employer. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesandMarketingSupportExecutive_job****	Stockport Cheshire North West	UK		permanent	Adecco Group	Sales Jobs	20000 - 25000 per annum	22500	totaljobs.com	0
220105	72346143	Recruitment Consultant  Sunday Times Top 100 Company  London	Role: Recruitment Consultant  Sunday Times Top 100 Company Salary: Up to ****k  Commission and Benefits and Incentives Location: London Are you looking for opportunities for development and career prospects? Well why not join the 2nd fastest growing recruitment company in UK? If company culture is what is important to you then we have the support, professionalism and fun to take your career where you want it to go. The Company Voted in the Top 10 Best Places to work by Sunday Times Timothy James Consulting is an innovative and dynamic place to work with exciting career opportunities. Due to the fantastic year on year growth we are now looking to expand our London team and are looking for driven consultants to join us. The Team Working in the London permanent team will see you joining an experienced group of **** consultants who are passionate about sales, client relationships and candidate management. You will be supported by a strong management team with experience and ambition to help you on the journey to build your career. We have high standards and provide the best service to our entire customer base and believe in partnering with people to help Consult, Engage and Deliver. Team incentives are a plenty, with nights out, spa days, trips abroad and iPads to be won. We work as a team, support each other and love to celebrate success. The Candidate What we look for in people that join our organisation is drive, commitment, and character. We will support you every step of the way in career but you have to want it. We have a diverse range of backgrounds in our organisation but we all have one thing that is the same and that is PASSION. What We Offer  Competitive salary plus lucrative commission structure  Strong, supportive company culture  Ongoing development with real opportunities for fast track career advancement  Reward and recognition including lunch club to fine dining restaurants, company holidays and all expenses paid team nights out. If you are fed up of working for a large organisation, working hard but reaping none of the benefits then this could be your chance to change. This is an opportunity that is not to be missed So if this sounds like the opportunity for you, send your CV to Ben Gill for immediate consideration. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantSundayTimesTop100CompanyLondon_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Timothy James Consulting Ltd	IT Jobs	25000 - 35000 per annum + OTE 70 - 100k +	30000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
211874	72226637	Optometrists Jobs in Reading	Flame Health Optometry  Optometrist Job in Reading Flame Health Optometry are currently recruiting for an Optometrist in the Reading area. Our client are the largest and longest established national provider of home eye testing services, bringing urgently needed optometric services to those individuals who are unable to attend the High Street practitioner unattended. They have excellent opportunities throughout the UK. If you would like to put your skills to the test and make a real difference to the quality of someone’s life, then this role could be for you. With benefits to include weekend’s free, company car with satellite navigator, and some of the industry’s highest pay scales, working for this company can be highly rewarding, both professionally and financially. The particular role is for a ‘Super’ Optometrist which is unique in the optical profession and is only available through this company. It has been developed due to the increase in the current number of home visits. As the services of a dispenser are usually not required, the company is able to pay the optometrist the allocated dispensing fee. It is therefore the combination of the standard sight test payment and the additional dispensing fee that makes the Super Optometrist one of the most attractive salaried positions currently available in the profession. Furthermore, as the average number of patients seen in a day is considerably less than seen in practice, the optometrist is allowed ample time for both professional functions. Our client is also able to accommodate a flexible working arrangement allowing the Optometrist to achieve a happy work/life balance, e.g. a fourday week as well as accommodate all levels of experience and length of time qualified. The key features of the Super Optometrist position are: Basic Salary (depending on experience), ****k  ****k pa, dispensing Fee 5%, 7.5% 10% of all spectacle sales (Current Annual Average ****k), CET Diabetic Accreditation, CET Cataract Referral Accreditation, Company Private Pension Scheme matched up to 5% gross salary contribution. To apply for this role you will be a qualified Optometrist, registered with the GOC. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Reading or the Berkshire Region  Contact Flame Health on **** **** **** – optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business	Berkshire, Berkshire	Berkshire			Flame Health Associates LLP	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	35000 - 40000 p.a.	37500	jobs.opticianonline.net	0
167991	71311884	Workshop Engineer	Workshop Engineer (ElectroMechanical)  Redhill, Surrey ****  **** 25 Days Holiday, Healthcare Benefits, Pension Hours: MondayFriday **** or **** This leading manufacturer of electromechanical devices manufactures, services and repairs a range of electronic and electromechanical devices. As Workshop Engineer you will be carrying out electromechanical repairs to equipment and modules that have been returned for overhaul or repair. Duties will include;  Fault finding and repair on electromechanical units  Testing electronic and electro mechanical assemblies when necessary  Basic mechanical repairs  Documenting all repairs manually and on the computer systems The ideal candidate should have the following skills and experience;  City Guilds level of education or equivalent experience  A good working knowledge of electromechanical devices  Previous experience in a repairs, workshop or service environment For office use only: Electrical, Mechanical, Electromechanical, Electromechanical, Electro/Mechanical, PCB, Electronic, Repair, Service, Bench Engineer, Workshop Engineer, Service Engineer, Repair Engineer, Technician, Surrey, West Sussex, London, Reigate, Redhill, Crawley, Gatwick, Electro mechanical, test, testing, repair, City Guilds, C G, fault finding, faultfinding, PC, Computer	Redhill	Redhill	full_time			Engineering Jobs	19,500.00 - 21,500.00 per year Pension, Healthcare Benefits, 25 day holiday	20500	Jobcentre Plus	0
182239	71603046	Freelance Middleweight Designer	Great, fabulous, moving, basically AMAZING branding agency needs a ideas driven Freelance Middleweight Designer Top notch agency that has an exhilarating client list that will get your creative juices flowing The Middleweight Designer will have a portfolio full of finely crafted designs. You will have a great eye for detail and want the end result to be worthy of the iconic brands you will be working for. I cannot stress how influential this agency will be to have on your CV This agency cares more about the craft element in your deigns and folio As the Middleweight Designer you will be keen to progress and learn from a brilliant creative team Don't miss out Apply now with your CV and FOLIO for this Senior / Middleweight Designer role. Please note that due to exceptionally high levels of response, we are only able to get back to those applicants who have been successful.	City of London - London	The City	full_time	contract	London4Jobs	Other/General Jobs	47520-66000	56760	london4jobs.co.uk	1
112144	69688487	TRAINEE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT	Hays Office Support, market leader in office and administration recruitment is now recruiting in the Hull office. We are looking for a Trainee Recruitment Consultant for a 9month contract to complement our sales team in providing a high quality customer experience to both clients and candidates alike. This role is to manage one of our large client accounts by identifying candidates for temporary roles via the database, advertising on external job boards as well as managing their current temporary workforce and ensuring the clients and candidates receive a prompt, efficient and effective service. The role would suit a bright, proactive individual who thrives within a pressurised, customer focused and target driven environment. The successful candidate will receive industry training and a KPI led bonus scheme. Day to day duties will include: Contacting clients to discuss any recruitment requirements Sourcing suitable candidates for vacancies in a timely manner Selling vacancies to candidates to gain their interest and control Responding to both online and telephone applications Managing circa **** temporary workers on a weekly basis Responding to and resolving queries regarding pay and timesheets Ensuring candidates meet with high standards of legislation compliance and eligibility for work Interviewing candidates to ascertain their suitability for work Meeting with clients to discuss requirements in more detail and secure future business Writing and posting adverts utilising online solutions to advertise vacancies and candidates We expect you to able to demonstrate a strong record of achievement within a commercial environment and an education to degree level is advantageous.	Hull	Hull		contract	Lincoln 01522 522101 Grimsby 01472 241019	HR & Recruitment Jobs	16,000	16000	jobsite.co.uk	0
99182	69527795	 REGISTER FOR TEMPORARY POSITIONS IN PRIVATE PRACTICE 	Law Professionals is not only an expert in the permanent recruitment of lawyers and paralegals into private practice roles but we also have a team dedicated to providing temporary solutions, be that for maternity cover, a specific project or to help with an increasing workload. Our clients currently include Magic Circle, Silver Circle, top UK, US and boutique firms. Particularly busy areas of late have included competition, employment, commercial litigation, finance and corporate. If you would be interested in hearing about any positions as and when they arise please register with us by submitting your CV and one of our specialist consultants will contact you with any relevant vacancies. Ideal Candidate Profile: Excellent private practice training At least two years experience in commercial law post qualification, however they will consider candidates outside of this remit if they can prove their experience would be valuable to the client The capability to hit the ground running. The ability to work autonomously and as part of a team Due to the high volume of applications we receive for each of our roles we are unable to respond on an individual basis. If you have not received a response within 2 weeks of having submitted your details, it is likely that your application has not been successful on this occasion. Law Professionals is acting as an employment agency and is a division of Hydrogen Group Law Professionals is part of Hydrogen Group.	London	London		contract	Law Professionals	Legal Jobs	50000 - 120000 per annum	85000	legalweekjobs.com	1
84887	69079737	Production Engineer	This leader in structural monitoring and has been responsible for the provision of highly successful monitoring systems and services within the oil and gas sector has a new opening for a Production Engineer. The Production Engineer will be responsible for production (manufacture, assembly and testing) of a range of instrumentation in line with production schedule and quality standards. Key Responsibilities: The successful applicant will be responsible for:  Assembly, build and testing of instrumentation, this primarily will involve electronics and mechanical assembly, soldering and testing but may also include working on a range of strain sensors which involves working with industrial grinders, glue  Working to schedule and ensuring that the production is cost effective and on time;  Working within the guidelines of the production quality management system and to authorised system documentation  Ordering parts and components as per requirements of production manager  Carrying out Goods inwards/outwards Inspections and Quality Assurance checks.  Aiding production manager and project managers in identifying and reporting possible system problems, to participate in Root Cause Analysis investigations and provide solutions.  Carrying out Factory Acceptance tests and documenting the results.  Assisting project managers with project delivery (assembly, testing, installation) if project work load requires, including offshore installation if necessary  The design and build of any jigs/fixtures needed for production.  Ensuring continued operation of production dept during production manager s absence. Knowledge, Skills and Experience: We are looking for a candidate who:  Has experience in manufacturing, assembling and testing of electrical/electronic equipment within a commercial production environment  Has technical qualifications  Fault finding down to component level.  Has Strong soldering skills and knowledge of PCB arrangements.  Has IPC training and certification. desirable  Has Experience in using Oscilloscopes, PSUs and voltmeters and other similar test equipment.  Should be able to demonstrate strong problem solving skills Behavioural Attributes: And someone who is:  Attention to detail: taking responsibility for quality management of production department  Flexible: able to work additional overtime from time to time if project schedule demands. Possibility of travel offshore for aiding with system installation  Analytical: trouble shoot any issues with installed systems or production runs  Customer/service focused: able to deal with internal and external customer enquiries or issues with products If you are interested and feel you have the skills needed please send your CV now	Surrey	Surrey		permanent	Chiltern Park Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	20000 - 25000/annum Plus Benefits	22500	cv-library.co.uk	0
152035	70771289	**** Operator	our client requires an experienced **** operative with valid CPCS card for ongoing works in the Newbury area. Candidate must have at least 5 years experience. Position to start Friday 1st February, long term hire.	Newbury	Newbury	full_time		UK Construction Recruitment	Trade & Construction Jobs	11.00 - 12.00 per hour	22080	Jobcentre Plus	0
30879	68067779	Interim Senior Buyer	Interim Senior Buyer  Global Media Company You will be working for an exciting, global company, on a new technology procurement programme. You will have great opportunity to source and develop new supplier relationships. Key Responsibilities:  Develop and maintain relationships with senior stakeholders and external suppliers  Prepare SLA's and track existing ones to ensure compliance is maintained  Advise business on best route to market  Source appropriate suppliers and negotiate new contracts  Produce tenders and lead the commercial process from distribution of documentations to evaluation and contract signing  Analysis of spend information to lead to service/cost improvements Experience Required:  Knowledge and experience of the Technology market is essential  Proven experience in the negotiation of big and small contracts  Robust negotiation skills  Experience managing senior stakeholder relationships If you would like an exciting opportunity to work on a new project within a global company then please apply now www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InterimSeniorBuyer_job****	West London London South East	East Sheen		contract	Badenoch & Clark   London 	Other/General Jobs	250 - 300 per day	66000	totaljobs.com	1
180499	71578137	CLEANER	Cleaning of shop floor, toilets, staffroom, office and kitchen areas. Job is 3 days per week (monday, wednesday and friday) 9am till 11am. Buffing experience neccessary. Training will be given on site.	EDINBURGH	Edinburgh	part_time		Safe Hands Cleaning Services	Maintenance Jobs	7.50 PER HOUR	14400	Jobcentre Plus	0
133089	70232739	RMN (RNLD)	To be considered for the position you must be a Registered Nurse (RN), compliant with the UKCC Regulations and Registration. We welcome applications from RNs from both Mental Health and Learning Disabilities specialties of the NMC. Hours of work  **** hours over 7 days  shift patterns include days, weekends and nights Start times: 8.00am  8.15pm/8.00pm 8.15am We currently have positions for Registered Nurses in our services. Nurses must work according to NMC guidelines and are expected to assess, plan, implement and evaluate care without direct supervision and to participate fully in delivering a sensitive, efficient care service to all patients. As a Registered Nurse your role will primarily be to carry out the following: Provide quality care using the Multidisciplinary Care Programme Approach. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of patient care as a member of both a Multidisciplinary and the nursing team. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of nurse/patient intervention and maintain confidentiality regarding residents and staff. Ensure that care is provided within an environment which positively integrates race, gender, disability, religion and sexual orientation and meets individual needs. Ensure that the patients are involved as fully as possible in decisions affecting them and the running of the units, and to maximize their independence. Take charge in the absence of the Clinical Nurse Leader. Supervise the care given by junior staff, i.e., Nurse Support Workers and be able to lead a shift. Contribute actively to an effective learning environment and lead audits. To be responsible for the guidance and support of support workers, identify training needs and assist with appraisals for support workers. To represent the hospital in a positive and professional manner within the units and externally as required at meetings and other forums. Work and communicate effectively with nursing and Multidisciplinary colleagues within the units, the Company and externally. To maintain a safe environment for staff and patients at all times Be aware of, and adhere to, current legislation regarding Health and Safety at Work.	Greater Manchester - Manchester	Manchester	full_time		UKStaffsearch	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	22000 - 28000	25000	ukstaffsearch.com	0
215569	72242717	IT Recruitment Consultants/Senior Recruitment Consultants (Perm)	We are an established IT recruitment company who operates within a number of core areas including, IT Security, Telecoms, Unified Communications, IT Outsourcing, ERP and IT Audit Risk. Over the past 20 years we have developed and strengthened our relationships with clients and candidates within these sectors and now we are looking for experienced recruiters that can help us develop on our success. We are looking for recruiters who have a business development background in one of our core markets, who can work with our client base and develop the relationships further. You will be responsible for developing existing accounts whilst also chasing new logo business. You will enjoy one of the best incentive packages in the industry where the commission can rise up to 40% and quarterly bonuses that go up to **** If you are driven to achieve and you have the skills and experience there can be few companies that have the set up and support to ensure you deliver. We are looking for recruiters who can become Managers within the next 18 months and Directors within the next 3 years. Salary: OTE up to **** **** All applicants will be treated in the strictest of confidence. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITRecruitmentConsultantsSeniorRecruitmentConsultantsPerm_job****	Beckenham, Kent Kent South East	UK		permanent	DCL Search & Selection.	Other/General Jobs	65k - 70k per year	67500	totaljobs.com	1
39938	68358440	Business Development Executive  Aerospace	Job Title: Business Development Engineer Location: Bristol Salary: ****k incentives and KPI bonuses My client is a recognised provider of specialist design and engineering services primarily into the Aerospace sector and are currently seeking a results driven sales professional (ideally from a technical background) with a proven track record of business development within the Aerospace sector. Your main responsibilities will be • To grow and diversify the company s aerospace business and customer base within the UK • Develop existing business and win new business • Contribute to defining overall business strategy • To be the lead for bid activity across all product areas, coordinating with other departments for drafting proposals / bids • To prepare and present pitches to prospective clients • To manage customer relationships with the organisation • Identifying and managing risks • Support business plan development You will have the following background / skills: • Ideally a degree or equivalent in engineering subject (candidates with no technical background but relevant Business Development experience within Aerospace will be considered) • Minimum of 2.5 years experience in a similar role within the Aerospace sector with proven track records of achievement and bringing prospective business to contract closure • Excellent commercial and financial acumen • Strong understanding of the engineering sector In addition to these skills you will be highly motivated, results driven and committed to success. In addition to a competitive base salary my client offers an excellent bonus structure based on KPI results and business successes. You will also have the opportunity to grow your career within a respected Aerospace organisation that offers excellent personal development and career progression opportunities. Please forward your CV to be considered for this exciting role	Bristol	Bristol		permanent		Other/General Jobs	25000 - 35000 pa	30000	securityclearedjobs.com	0
42270	68413683	Control Panel Wirer	Control Panel Wirers We are currently recruiting for a number of experienced Control Panel Wirers to work on a project with one of our key clients in the Staffordshire area. The successful Control Panel Wirer will have a strong background within the controls sector, with experience of building and wiring electrical control panels from scratch using schematic drawings. The rate for the Control Panel Wirer vacancy will be ****p/h plus Overtime rates, rising to **** after 12 weeks. Should you wish to apply for the role of Control Panel Wirer, please forward an up to date CV and covering letter outlining your skills and suitability for the role.	Telford	Telford	full_time			Engineering Jobs	10.00 - 10.70 per hour Overtime Available	19872	Jobcentre Plus	0
7157	64573355	RGN/RMN mental health nursing home Betchworth	Job Title: Registered Nurse  RGN or RMN Service: Nursing home for challenging behaviours and Mental Health needs Location: Betchworth, Surrey Salary: ******** This is an exciting opportunity to join the staff team as a Registered Nurse in their 50 bedded nursing home for clients with Mental Health needs, learning disabilities and challenging behaviours close to Reigate, Surrey. Job Description: As a Registered Nurse you will be responsible for the wellbeing of residents, ensuring that their physical, emotional, and social needs are met. You will ensure the safe and efficient running of the care home in accordance with company policies and registered authority guidelines. This role is to work in an 18 bedded unit within the home and will be mainly nights  shifts 8.45 pm to 7.15 am Qualifications and Experience:  Registered Mental Health Nurse or Registered General Nurse (with current NMC pin)  Experience working with the Mental Health in a residential setting Personal Attributes:  Compassionate  Professional  Common sense  Team Worker	Betchworth, Surrey	Betchworth				Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	25000 to 30000 per year	27500	careworx.co.uk	0
77705	69011989	Prostate Cancer education nurse	Community nurse **** Bright, upbeat, and communicative nurse needed to set up clinics in and around the region. This is a brand new post initial working for 12 months for this private company approaching doctors surgeries and local clinics encouraging in them to set up an allow you to run local clinics for prostate cancer this would involve education, testing and treatment. I am looking for a nurse with both district/community nursing experience along with oncology experience ideally with experience of treating Prostate cancer. Whoever takes on this role will be working in and around Birmingham and the west midlands. You will be able to work on your own initiative and be able to set up clinics from scratch. This is a very fantastic opportunity for the right nurse to be involved in an exciting ground breaking job. Valid drivers licence essential	Birmingham, West Midlands	Birmingham		contract	Medbank Healthcare Solutions	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	33000 - 33675/annum	33337	cv-library.co.uk	0
221100	72379648	Credit Risk Analyst  Must be able to speak and write in Arabic	Skills: Credit Risk, Risk Analyst, Credit Risk Analyst, Arabic Speaker, Banking, Finance Description: We now have a Credit Risk Analyst position available in the West Midlands Arabic Language skills (Read and Speak) Salary ****/**** plus excellent language skills We are looking for an experienced credit risk analyst with experience in business banking /lending and /or asset finance.  It is essential that the successful candidate is also able to read and speak Arabic The successful candidate will be responsible for  Determines customer credit worthiness, approves/rejects customer deals within approved credit authority  Recommends deals beyond credit authority, and restructures customer deals.  Negotiates complex financial transactions and prepares transactions for documentation and funding within limits of authority.  Negotiates and prepares financial transactions for documentation for transactions in excess of credit authority.  Assists in administration of wholesale and retail customer 'loan' covenant compliance reviews, including onsite record and physical machine/inventory audits.  Conducts and monitors credit investigations.  Assists in leading the documentation of retail accounts receivable and administers inprocessing, signing, and funding of documented transactions.  Assists in managing accounting input and audits booked deals for accuracy. JOB REQUIREMENTS:  Arabic language skills  Demonstrated knowledge of and demonstrated ability to apply math computation skills.  Demonstrated knowledge of and ability to analyze customer credit summaries and past due accounts. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE A college or university degree in any discipline and a minimum of 2 years exempt experience in credit, customer services, collections, marketing, financial statement analysis and/or a related discipline is recommended. Previous exempt work experience must be progressively increasing in responsibility and accountability and demonstrate an ability to gain in knowledge, skills and responsibility such that a level of full competency can be reached. Equivalent experience may be substituted for education. Please call Julie Ramsay THC **** to discuss more about this position or you can apply directly to this advert and we shall call you once we have received your application In the mean time we shall look forward to speaking with you then. Benefits: Pension, Healthcare, Bonus	West Midlands	West Midlands	full_time	permanent		Accounting & Finance Jobs	25000-30000 Per Annum	27500	Jobs24	0
108226	69601455	ASPNet Developer  URGENT  Slough, Berkshire  ****	ASP.Net, C, SQL Server, JavaScript, CMS Developer  URGENT  Slough, Berkshire  to **** An ASP.Net, C, SQL Server, JavaScript, CMS Developer is needed for a forward thinking Financial Services Outfit based in Slough, Berkshire. Due to growth and the winning of new projects this is a fantastic opportunity for a talented ASP.Net, C, SQL Server, JavaScript, CMS Developer to join a thriving team of skilled Developers. The main tasks of the ASP.Net, C, SQL Server, JavaScript, CMS Developer will consist of developing and maintaining the exceptional client facing websites. You will also be developing and enhancing the company's CMS online platform. Based around the marketing sector you will be utilising your knowledge of Search Engine Optimisation in order to successfully maintain the pages for the exciting marketing campaigns within the business. This is a superb opportunity for a budding developer who has the passion and tenacity to utilise and enhance their development skills in an environment which offers the opportunity to progress. Essential:  ASP.Net  C  SQL Server  CMS  HTML  CSS Desirable:  Strong SEO Knowledge  JQuery  Sitecore (CMS) If this is the role for you, please apply now ASP.Net, C, SQL Server, JavaScript, CMS Developer  URGENT  Slough, Berkshire  to **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ASPNetDeveloperURGENTSloughBerkshire****_job****	Slough, Berkshire Berkshire South East	Slough		permanent	oscar associates	IT Jobs	32000 - 36000 per annum	34000	totaljobs.com	0
91312	69170763	Managing Recruitment Consultant  Education	Managing Recruitment Consultant  Education Recruitment Up to ****k basic (dependent on exp)  bonus  benefits London An extremely exciting opportunity to join a well established, extremely successful business who are looking to continue their expansion. THE CLIENT: My client are a corporate, professional recruitment consultancy who have an excellent reputation for quality and an ethical environment. Multi disciplined, with key areas of expertise in education, healthcare, commercial and accountancy recruitment, they offer extensive training and ongoing support to help you to achieve your career goals. THE ROLE: There is an established team in place and the Senior Manager for the division is now seeking an experienced education recruitment to take over one of the teams of recruitment consultants to assist and support them in improve their billings. This is a pure management role, therefore, the successful individual will have a proven track record in managing recruitment consultants within an education environment. REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: Education recruitment is essential with a proven track record of managing recruitment consultants. The ability to achieve team target and lead from the front, building and developing a solid rapport with your consultants. Package and Benefits:  Basic up to ****k OTE uncapped (dependent on experience)  Excellent commission structure  Opportunity for further progression  Healthcare and pension  City centre offices Please contact Sharon Leonard at Oxygen Resourcing Ltd for further information. Oxygen Resourcing recruit for all levels of recruitment roles including Junior Recruitment Consultants, Senior Recruitment Consultants, Recruitment Branch Managers, Recruitment Directors This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagingRecruitmentConsultantEducation_job****	Central London / West End London South East	London		permanent	Oxygen Resourcing	HR & Recruitment Jobs	up to 38k + bonus + fantastic benefits	38000	totaljobs.com	0
112	37951211	Commis Chef  Milton Keynes **** package	Commis Chef  Milton Keynes **** package Quick moving, hard working and definitely fun loving commis chef wanted straight away Join the brigade of a busy, yet acclaimed gastro pub just east of Milton Keynes city centre. Working with 100% fresh food and a great bunch of colleagues, for the right commis chef there is plenty of scope for progression in terms of skills, wage and position in the kitchen. Known for developing their commis chefs to higher positions and nurturing their skill rather than stifling it, this is a great opportunity for an aspiring young chef to essentially get their foot in the door of a great establishment where the opportunities come thick and fast. The package is very appealing, with a salary of **** plus tips and bonuses based on performance. You won't find many commis chef positions with a similar offering If you are a commis chef living in the Milton Keynes area and can realistically get to work every day to be part of a brigade creating amazing food from fresh ingredients with a fantastic British Menu. So if you are looking to progress your chef career from a less exciting establishment, then email your CV and I'll call you back Consultant: Chris Wilson Ref: ****CW Commis Chef Milton Keynes  / **** **** Want a quick job search without the hassle of registering then paste www.clearselection.co.uk/search.php to your web browser and enjoy the experience. We are always busy and are constantly receiving new instructions from a number of different client's nationwide, which makes it good for candidates and us. In the majority of cases we have visited the client's establishment and even spent work days with them and have a very enviable reputation for finding the best for the best. If you desire a professional, honest and calm approach with the reassurance that your application will be treated confidentially if requested, we look forward to working on your behalf. Our Consultants love their jobs and its always worth trying to contact them on their mobiles in the evenings or at weekends, if you are to busy during the day. Remember if they do not contact you within **** hours, unfortunately you have not been successful in your application for this position. Clear Selection Recruitment is part of the Clear Selection Group Est. **** This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CommisChefMiltonKeynes****package_job****	Milton Keynes Buckinghamshire South East	Milton Keynes			Clear Selection	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	14000 per annum + package	14000	caterer.com	0
123646	69961435	Residential Sales Consultant	Residential Sales ConsultantCOMPANY OVERVIEW: Employing over **** people this multinational market leading company are currently looking to expand their residential sales team within the Midlands region. With a real focus on training and development, as well as providing a structured career path, there is huge opportunity for you to progress both personally and professionally within the company.ROLE DESCRIPTIONThe areas available are: Hemel Hempstead, SunburyOnThames and Romford.**** PLUS bonus  OTE ****Fully expensed company carFuel CardMobileLaptop25 days holidayYou will be responsible for responding to company provided sales leads and generating your own leads in order to sell relevant home security packages. This will be achieved by selfgenerating sales leads via networking, building referrals and cold calling on the consumer market. In addition to this, you will also be able to build strong relationships with potential and existing customers and maintain this to ensure that customer satisfaction is optimised.Due to the nature of the role, flexibility to adapt working hours to meet with customer requirements is essential.PERSON SPECIFICATION: As this is a sales orientated role, you will have a proven track record of achievement in sales, ideally gained within the B2C sales arena. You will be engaging with a variety of contacts, so the successful candidate will possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills. In addition to this, you will be of smart appearance and have a professional approach.As this is a field based residential role, it is essential that you are selfmotivated, hold a positive attitude and will strive for success.Due to the nature of the role, you will hold a full UK driving licence.If you think you've got what we're looking for, please send your CV and covering letter to Becky Nightingale:  campaigncbmsuk.com	Middlesex	UK		permanent		Sales Jobs	10k - 15k	12500	simplysalesjobs.co.uk	0
135795	70298580	PASTRY HEAD CHEF  Production Kitchen QATAR	PASTRY HEAD CHEF  Production Kitchen QATAR Our client is a leading Middle Eastern Restaurant and luxury brands group and is looking for an experienced Pastry Chef or Head chef in Pastry for their beautiful Production Kitchen in Qatar to supply a number of their recognised Brands The role requires a talented, passionate Pastry chef with excellent stable working experience in Five star Luxury Hotels and working experience in Artisanal Bakery or Pastry department and experience with Cakes, Confectionery, Chocolate making and good basic Bread skills within a quality small volume production for Multiple outlets to Brand standards. You will need to be a great team player who enjoys training and developing junior staff and working with strong local workforces and being in charge of a team of up to **** pastry chefs. This is an excellent opportunity to use your experience of at least 8 years working as a Pastry chef or Head Pastry chef in charge of production from an excellent standard luxury Five star hotels or Production kitchen or catering company. The offer includes a competitive salary package of up to US$**** monthly plus bonuses and great growth potential If this sounds like the ideal role for you then please send your full resume with recent photograph to joncorecruitment.co.za to apply only shortlisted candidates will be contacted	Qatar, Greater London	London			COREcruitment International	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	US$3800 monthly plus bonuses and great growth pote	45600	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	1
97239	69260353	Support Share Plan Administrator	Our client based in the town centre of Ipswich is seeking an entry level Support Share Plan Administrator to deliver first class outsourced share plan administration to UK and International corporate clients to join their team. The job role is a varied one and will include updating and accurately maintaining client employee database records. A large part of the role will include preparation and organisation of accurate and timely mailings to the clients employees, dealing professionally with emails and telephone queries. You will also be responsible in assisting in the reconciliation of share and cash positions and the purchase and sale of shares for the clients and their employees. This position also involves administration duties including filing and scanning documents.	Ipswich	Ipswich		permanent		Accounting & Finance Jobs	13000	13000	hays.co.uk	0
170538	71361469	IT Reseller Account Manager ****k****K  OTE	IT Reseller Account Manager ****k****K  OTE A Large IT reseller high up the CRN100 list are seeking Account Managers for several of their offices across the U.K. They require driven, motived individuals to join their team winning new business and managing accounts. Ideally you will have an IT sales background, no specific vertical experience required. The IT reseller specialises in these areas: IT Hardware Software Managed Services Network Services Server and Virtualisation What they offer for their Account Managers: Autonomy to work how you feel most productive Relations with the top vendors Career progression Great salary and commission structure Exposure to the market As an Account Manager you will: Have a IT reseller background Be willing to learn new products Be motivated by success Be proactive Willing to win new business and manage your accounts To be considered for the account manager with an IT reseller role please forward CV's onto.	Hillingdon - Uxbridge	Hillingdon	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Consultancy Jobs	20000 - 30000	25000	ukstaffsearch.com	0
124460	69974147	Skilled Estimator	We are looking for candidates who will be responsible for preparing basic quotations for clients form the following sectors Petro Chemical Sector, Food Processing, Structural Steel or from a Quarry / Recycling Industries. At times you will also be required to assist other members of the team on larger more complicated projects. We are looking for candidates who can liaise directly with Customer's, Higher Management and directors. You will be able to work on own initiative to ensure the Client's needs are met within the operational timeframe. This is a good opportunity for a skilled estimator to join a large company with full order books. Working hours will be Monday to Friday ****:00am through to ****:30pm	Staffordshire	Staffordshire	full_time	permanent	QS Recruitment	Engineering Jobs	10.00 GBP Hourly	19200	energygenerationjobs.com	0
131037	70177481	Labourer	Our Client is currently looking for a labourer to work on a site in Monk Bretton, The position involves helping unload a vehicle and keeping the site clean and tidy. The Candidate must have a CSCS Card.	Barnsley	Barnsley	full_time			Trade & Construction Jobs	6.19 - 7.00 per hour	12662	Jobcentre Plus	0
41364	68384520	Product Development Manager	My client is a successful financial services business based in Birmingham who are currently seeking a Product Development Manager to join their growing team.The ideal candidate will have extensive experience developing propositions and new products, with the ability to lead a team as well as work within one. This background will ideally be from the financial services industry.ROLE:Lead product development activity ensuring our product solutions support our customer propositionsWork with other internal specialists to deliver new products, revising existing partnerships and forging new partnerships as appropriateSupport the product strategy process through the opportunity ranking processManage new product developments, ensuring developments meet customer needs and corporate objectives and follow the agreed product development processEnsure competitor developments and customer dynamics are fully understood so that proposition design can be created with the customer in mindLead the proposition related activity for projects as requiredWHO WE'RE LOOKING FOR:Experience within a similar role in financial servicesExperience of developing, implementing and managing a product development process for strategic and tactical initiativesProven ability to influence and gain agreement to recommendationsProven time and project management skillsExcellent written and verbal communicationsDegree or equivalent qualification preferred Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.	Birmingham	Birmingham		permanent		PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	50k - 60k	55000	simplymarketingjobs.co.uk	1
225151	72438059	Kitchen ManagerHavant24,000Massive Bonus	Kitchen ManagerHavant24,000 Massive Bonus We are looking for an experienced kitchen manager for this high volume branded restaurant near Havant. The ideal candidate will already be working as a kitchen manager in a similar branded restaurant operation and looking for a new challenge. As kitchen manager your primary role will be to ensure company standards and procedures are adhered to at all times. You must be experienced at managing margins and ensuring due diligence is followed at all times whilst motivating and managing a team of 812 back of house staff in a busy volume driven environment. On offer is the opportunity to join one of the country s leading branded restaurants that is currently undergoing a major revival. There is a new management team in place who are aiming to improve the standards and offer in this national brand. In return you will work for a recognised brand that invests heavily in training and development and have the opportunity to earn a massive bonus If you are currently a kitchen manager in a branded business call BEN ASAP on **** ****	Havant, Hampshire, UK, Hampshire	Havant			ITK Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	From 25,000 to 28,000 per annum +Massive Bonus	26500	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
59190	68690235	HighValue Client Executive (Diamond Cash Management Team) (Gadbrook Park  Cheshire)  ****	About Barclays Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide. With over 300 years of history and expertise in banking, we operate in over 50 countries and employ over **** people. We provide large corporate, government and institutional clients with a full spectrum of solutions to their strategic advisory, financing and risk management needs. Our clients also benefit from access to the breadth of expertise across Barclays. We're one of the largest financial services providers in the world, and are also engaged in retail banking, credit cards, corporate banking, and wealth and investment management. For further information about Barclays, please visit our website www.barclays.com Department Overview This role is part of UK Corporate Operations. With a global footprint, we provide dedicated support to our clients and coverage colleagues through our strategic middle and back office capabilities. UK Corporate Operations is divided in to ****ey specialisms; Client Servicing, Middle Office Lending Operations, Sales Trade Finance Operations, Operational Change Management, Internal Control Global Payments. This role sits within our Client Servicing division. Working in partnership with our colleagues in Client Coverage, To put it succinctly  our servicing team are responsible for providing world class customer service to our Large Corporate client base. Main Function Of The Job The role holder will be responsible for maintaining a dedicated portfolio of clients, comprising of the banks highestvalued corporate clients. Main Duties Responsibilities  Offering endtoend support on a selection of the banks electronic banking and cash management products.  Proactively speaking to customers to update them with progress of outstanding cases.  Referring to other areas and within Barclays and external parties for resolutions and building relationships between business areas.  Welcome opportunities to attend site visits to meet clients face to face.  Ensure all call documentation is complete, accurate, concise, detailed, legible and escalated to the correct area for further resolution if required. Person Requirements  World class client servicing skills (ideally crafted within a financial services environment)  Outstanding relationship skills  A proactive approach to work  Ability to function to optimal capacity within a pressurised environment Gadbrook Park We are a multiaward winning contact centre who firmly believe that our people are the key component of our business Our facilities include:  Fresh fruit, free of charge twice a week.  Free onsite parking (limited)  Gym  Restaurant  Relaxing lounge area, that allows you to make the most of your lunch break. The facilities in the lounge include a flat screen TV, Apple Macs, Wii's X Boxes.  A daily concierge service, who will run your shopping errands for you.  On site holistic Beauty therapists Current working hours will predominantly be 9am  5pm, however successful candidates will be required to sign a flexible contract as there may be a business requirement in the future to work patterns outside of these hours. Salary for this role is fixed at **** . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HighValueClientExecutiveDiamondCashManagementTeamGadbrookParkCheshire0008****843_job****	Northwich Cheshire North West	Northwich		permanent	Barclays 	Customer Services Jobs	18000 - 19999	18999	totaljobs.com	0
220515	72372825	Online Analyst Programmer	ONLINE ANALYST PROGRAMMER  OO/RAD  DEVELOPMENT  SYSTEMS ANALYSIS  DESIGN  ****K  ****K  LONDON Our Client, a leading retail company, seeks an Online Analyst programmer with a track record in Development (system analysis, design, build, test) throughout the project life cycle. Principle accountabilities: When assigned to a development team, undertake systems analysis, development, testing and implementation of system changes as assigned to agreed time, cost and quality standards to meet the needs of the business Support the Business Analysts by advising on the practicability of solution alternatives marrying up technical limitations with operational realities and providing a recommendation Work with the Business Analysts, IT and suppliers to ensure that IT solutions are defined, costed, agreed, meet the commercial and business requirements and are deliverable Undertake detailed systems and data analysis working out what needs to be done in terms of system modifications/enhancements etc looking to exploit existing systems, producing data models, data flows, system specifications etc using the output produced by the BA's Define and agree system requirements managing the agreed business requirements through the system development life cycle, handing back to the BA's during UAT to undertake a final check that the delivered solution matches the stated requirements Work with IT Operations to define and agree the service requirements to ensure that support for the new solution is delivered as required Undertake Analysis and Development work ensuring design principles are adhered to and components are reused wherever possible Skills required: Development throughout the project life cycle and handing over to support Experience in structured software development Proficient in system and data analysis with expert analytical skills eg OO, RAD which can be used to document an understanding of the structure, relationships and use of information within an organisation Experience with modelling techniques eg UML is desirable Located in London Salart: ****k  ****k If this opportunity is of interest, please reply with an up to date CV hyphen.com Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	London City EC1A2	Central London		permanent	Spring Technology	IT Jobs	35000.00 - 42000.00 GBP Annual	38500	jobserve.com	0
96169	69248230	Team Manager for After School and Play Schemes	Children Youth and Family Services Team Manager for After School and Play Schemes (Ref: TMPS) Full time posts (**** hours a week), Salary: **** We are passionate about what we do and how we do it. We are interested in people who share our values and passion for enabling greater opportunities for people with learning disabilities and their families throughout their lives. If you are creative, flexible, supportive, energetic and enthusiastic we want you If you want to work with children, young people and their families, have a positive and inclusive approach and want to join an energetic, hard working and dedicated Play and Youth Service, we would like to hear from you. Applicants must have experience of working within special schools, and a SEN teaching qualification or play / youth qualification to NVQ Level 3 with evidence of significant experience of planning and leading structured activities for children and young people (ages 5 18 years) with disabilities in school settings It will require flexible working hours; including after school, evenings, weekends and holiday schemes. The post holders will form part of the Play and Youth management team and will work in partnership to support each other. Benefits:  Up to 32 days annual leave (inclusive of bank holidays)  Generous pension scheme  Continuing opportunities for learning and development  Regular supervision and support This role is subject to an enhanced DBS check. Please apply online via our jobs page by clicking 'visit website' button. Closing Date for applications is 5pm on Friday 1st February 2013 Assessment Centre Interviews will be held on Friday 8th February 2013	Greater London	London	full_time	permanent	WESTMINSTER SOC FOR PEOPLE WTH LEARNING DISABILITY	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	27,682.00	27682	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
7495	64796492	Java Developer  Bradford	J****EE Support Analyst  Java, Unix, SQL  **** Bradford If you are enthusiastic about development, particularly Java, then this is the role for you. Working closely with the customer services department, you will be tasked with providing analysis solutions to all service enquiries using existing Java applications tools. You will also be constantly looking to improve the system in any way possible. Skills needed:  Java J****EE Object Oriented Design JSP Unix SQL/MySQL A competitive salary of up to **** is on offer to the right candidate. To register your interest please contact Colin Turner at Computer Futures on **** **** **** To find out more about Computer Futures please visit www.computerfutures.com	Bradford	Bradford		permanent		IT Jobs	30000 - 38000 per annum	34000	theitjobboard.co.uk	0
115450	69768044	Postdoctoral Research Associate	Applications are invited for a Postdoctoral Research Associate position in advanced magnetooptics of semiconductor nanostructures. The post arises as part of a largescale UK grant award to the Semiconductor Physics group at the University of Sheffield ( ) . You will carry out magnetooptical studies of semiconductor nanostructures, in many cases integrated into photonic structures and based on quantum dots and nanowires, and also twodimensional atomically thin materials. The post will enable you to participate in research at the cutting edge of semiconductor nanophysics and technology, and will provide the opportunity to achieve some of the first magnetic resonance demonstrations in nanostructured semiconductors and reveal magnetic properties of novel ****D materials. The research will be carried out in very well equipped magnetooptics laboratories in the semiconductor group at the University of Sheffield ( ) on structures grown and fabricated in the EPSRC IIIV Facility at Sheffield ( ), and in collaborator groups in the UK and outside. You will hold, or be about to submit, a PhD in advanced solid state physics or a related research field (or have equivalent experience). You will have excellent oral presentation skills as well as written and verbal communication skills, and a good record of publications in international research journals with high impact factor. This post is fixedterm for 3 years. Closing date: 15 March 2013.	Sheffield	Sheffield	full_time		University of Sheffield	Scientific & QA Jobs	28,685.00 - 30,424.00 per year	29554	Jobcentre Plus	0
153583	70802179	CPCS BANKSMAN	We require a CPCS Banksman Slinger / Signaller for work in the Birmingham area. You must have a CPCS card and previous experience is essential. On going work is available. Immediate start needed.	Birmingham	Birmingham	full_time			Manufacturing Jobs	10.50 - 10.50 per month 10.50 Per Hour	20160	Jobcentre Plus	0
174368	71434152	Project/Applicatios Engineer	My client is a successful manufacturer of capital equipment, they are looking to appoint an experienced Applications or Project Engineer Your role will be to take an inquiry and turn it into a technical solution , you will provide the quotes and estimates and negotiate contract terms with the client. You will then follow the progress of the order, remaining in contact with all stakeholders until handover. Essential attributes: Engineering background and qualified to minimum ONC or equivalent in a relevant subject. Experience of Capital Equipment. Ability to use common Microsoft office applications to a high level. Knowledge of Machining, Fabrication and Assembly. Strong communication skills. Customer focused The role will require some UK travel and possibly occasional travel abroad. In return the company offers a competitive salary and a package which includes pension, healthcare and life cover. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectApplicatiosEngineer_job****	Wakefield, West Yorkshire West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Wakefield		permanent	Manufacturing Futures	Engineering Jobs	From 30,000 to 35,000 per annum Peensian, Life Cover, Health Scheme	32500	totaljobs.com	0
182614	71611802	Health Care Assistants  Kent  Maidstone	Coyle Medical is looking for Health Care Assistants for positions in Kent  Chatham, Gillingham, Rochester, Sittingbourne.You will be responsible for providing high standard of care to elderly patients.We are looking for committed, reliable people with a passion for caring for the elderly.Requirements:Experience working in care/hospital settingGood communication skillsRight to work in the UKBenefits:Free Mandatory training Excellent pay rates Flexible hours and variety of work Quick registration and immediate workFor further details and to register contact Lorraine on **** or Mirka on **** You can also apply through StaffNurse by submitting your CV.	Maidstone	Maidstone	part_time		Coyle Personnel plc	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	8.00 - 14.00/Hour	21120	staffnurse.com	0
84300	69069222	Digital Sales Manager ****k  Bonus: Sales	Digital Sales Manager ****k  Bonus: Sales Top newspaper brand seeks a Digital Sales Account Manager. Opportunity to sell advertising for a premium brand; both across Display, Mobile and Video. You should have a passion for the digital sector. Enjoy constructing integrated solutions and come with the black book of digital agency contacts. Digital Account Manager ****k  Bonus: Sales Apply now to sell for one of the UK's top newspaper brands Digital Account Manager Purpose: The Digital Account Manager shall develop relationships with key advertising agencies and clients Achieve budgeted revenue targets, both individually and team Develop strong creative pitches and think strategically about long term partnerships and deals Sales Account Manager Key Responsibilities: The Sales Account Manager will develop individual agency patch, across both buying and planning levels within agencies Develop strategic understanding by developing planning and business director relationships. Build a wider understanding of the online marketplace and developments within it. Attend industry events Have the ability to network with clients on a social level and attend client events Account Manager Selling & Negotiating Present the Brand across Mobile and web platforms, and identify it's usp's in the market place Present and sell display advertising products as well as maintaining a strong knowledge of the sites and the network. Have a passion for the Online brand and be a valuable ambassador at all times Build and manage an active sales pipeline to ensure that personal and team revenue targets will be met Fully understand and monitor yoy revenues from agency portfolio Present ideas face to face with conviction and passion Negotiate with buyers to secure competitive cpm's Work closely with advertising operations to ensure the full delivery of campaigns Be proactive in developing and pitching media first and creative concepts to clients and agencies  beyond just the cpm Develop strategy across agency patch to maximise revenue opportunities Work closely with Strategic Initiatives team to develop and implement category specific strategies across agency/category patch Person Specification The Account Manager will require 23 years Digital experience (web mobile )  consumer Proven Digital Sales record Good analytic skills Digital marketplace knowledge including all digital models (performance, display, affiliate, engagement) Commercial Awareness  strong consumer competitive knowledge Strong Relationships with key London advertising agencies  across buying and planning departments Strong presentation skills Knowledge of all industry tools (comscore, hitwise, Nielson, TGI, NRS, UKOM, Billetts, Thompson, Ad dynamics Creativity and innovation :proven creative sales ability Apply now for this Digital Sales Account Manager position and kick off your new career	London, England	London				PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	30000 - 35000 per annum + Bonus	32500	onlymarketingjobs.com	0
38515	68309859	Registered General Nurses RGN & RMN'S  Harrogate	You will be a Nurse or an experienced Registered General Nurse (RGN), seeking a permanent opportunity in an Elderly Nursing Home in Harrogate. This is a beautiful elderly nursing home which is part of a group that are known throughout the UK healthcare industry for their progressive attitude towards new care methods and drive to improve and extend care standards as the number of elderly people in the UK increases. The home is a charitable organisation providing excellent interior for a comfortable retirement. You should be keen to join a team dedicated to providing high levels of care within a fantastic nursing home. You should be someone who is passionate about care and making a difference in other people's lives. You will be responsible for: •Training for new and established staff •Ensuring optimum client care is maintained •Previous experience providing nursing care in an elderly or dementia setting •Leading the shift, assessing priorities, delegating available resources effectively and ensuring documentation is completed. The ideal candidate will have: A Registered General Nurse (RGN) Be highly organised and can take a handson approach The ability to use your skills to develop care plans and risk assessments Leadership or supervisory experience. For more details please email CV or call to discuss opportunity in more detail	Harrogate	Harrogate	full_time		Fawkes & Reece Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	25,000 - 28,000/Year	26500	staffnurse.com	0
5997	62117533	Engineering Manager	We are currently recruiting for a fulltime Engineering Manager for a busy bus depot in Chelmsford, Essex. The ideal candidate will have experience in a similar role or will be looking to make the step up from Workshop Manager/Supervisor. You must have engineering managerial / supervisory experience within the heavy vehicle industry and have the relevant qualifications. You will be responsible for a fleet of over **** buses and a team of approximately **** engineering staff. engineering manager workshop supervisor charge hand bus technician pcv psv mechanic coach engineering mot em health safety heathrow automotive	CHELMSFORD	Chelmsford	full_time	permanent	DrivingGB	Engineering Jobs	From 43,000 per year	43000	fish4.co.uk	1
113357	69734995	Scientific Officer	We are seeking to appoint a Scientific Officer to work on a project to develop assays to determine the in vitro and in vivo rates of kill of intracellular Leishmania species and Trypanosoma cruzi , by standard and novel chemical entities. The post will involve laboratory and animal (rodent) work and will be based at GlaxoSmithKline's Open Lab in Tres Cantos, Spain (90%) and at LSHTM (10%). The successful candidate will possess a University degree in biological sciences. They should be wellorganised with the ability to work independently. Proven experience in carrying out experimental laboratory work, including cell culture, problemsolving within a laboratory context and the ability to document results accurately is essential. The post also requires a person with excellent communication skills and willingness to work within a team. IT skills are necessary. Experience in pharmacological techniques and working with Category **** organisms would be desirable. The postholder may be required to work outside of standard hours. This fulltime post is funded by the Tres Cantos Open Lab Foundation ( www.openlabfoundation.org ) for a period of 1**** months starting from 1 April 2013 and ending on 30 May 2014. Salary is on the Professional Support Pathway Grade 4 scale in the range ****  **** per annum inclusive. The successful candidate will be placed on the scale according to experience and qualifications. Applications should be made online via our website at http://jobs.lshtm.ac.uk . The closing date is 15 February 2013 and the reference for this post is VY02. Online applications will be accepted by the automated system until midnight of the closing date. Any queries regarding the application process may be addressed to jobslshtm.ac.uk . The supporting statement section should set out how your qualifications, experience and training meet each of the selection criteria. Please provide one or more paragraphs addressing each criterion. The supporting statement is an essential part of the selection process and thus a failure to provide this information will mean that the application will not be considered. An answer to any of the criteria such as Please see attached CV will not be considered acceptable. Please note that if you are shortlisted and are unable to attend on the interview date it may not be possible to offer you an alternative date. The London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine is committed to being an equal opportunities employer	London	London			London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine	Teaching Jobs	26,873 to 30,569	28721	Jobs Ac	0
73866	68996978	Commercial Account manager	This international insurance group is looking to add an Account Manager to their force. The role The purpose will be that of working with a panel of Brokers within the Berkshire area, developing and maintaining relationships, seeking to grow accounts, maximising business opportunities. You will be expected to manage your panel and liaising with the office/underwriters to monitor business levels. You will also be expected to conduct review meeting to ensure KPI s are being achieved. Experience The successful applicant will possess a high level of technical product knowledge across Property and Casualty classes and have gained previous experience within commercial underwriting. You will be expected to possess the ability to succeed and be target driven	Berkshire	Berkshire		permanent	Insure Recruitment Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	36000/annum	36000	cv-library.co.uk	0
126641	69997438	RGN (****)  Hyde	Registered General Nurse (Days)  Tameside Time Recruitment is looking to recruit an experienced Registered General Nurse on a permanent basis within an IIP Gold nursing home in the Tameside area. The successful candidate must be RGN registered and have at least 6 months experience in a nursing home. The position is a full time, permanent days position, offering ****4 hours per week, which is broken down into 4 x **** hour shifts. This package includes an attractive salary of **** per hour with an additional attendance bonus of ****p. Just some of the fantastic benefits offered to staff include;  Full induction programme with an ongoing plan of vocational and course based training.  Qualified assessors are available to support staff through their NVQ training.  Excellent development and progression opportunities. This is an excellent opportunity to expand your existing skills and progress your career with a well established company. Please contact Gemma from Time Recruitment on **** **** for more information or to arrange an interview. RGN, Tameside, Registered Nurse, Registered General Nurse, Staff Nurse, Elderly Care, Senior Nurse, Full Time, Days, Nursing Home, Elderly Nursing, Stockport, Northwest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RGN****Hyde_job****	Ashton-Under-Lyne Lancashire North West	UK		permanent	Time Recruitment Solutions	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	27000 per annum	27000	totaljobs.com	0
69594	68806373	Field Sales Executive (Digital Printing / POS) Company Car	Field Sales Executive (Digital Printing / POS) Company Car Established in the mid **** s, our client has established themselves as a leading printer of Corrugated and floor POS displays and designs for retailers also converters of corrugated boxes diecuts. Position: Sales Executive Location: Area to be covered  Northampton, Bucks Cambridge Salary: ****k  ****k plus open ended commission structure once targets are met, predicted 1st yr OTE ****K Benefits: Fully expensed company car, mobile phone supplied, ROLE: As a Field Sales Executive your role would be to achieve an agreed sales budget on a monthly basis, and generate business from new customers from a designated sales area. The role requires the Field Sales Executive to be selfmotivated, presentable and driven to succeed. Full support internally will enable the successful candidate to concentrate on face to face selling with customers, you will report to the Sales Director and Managing Director. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Establish, maintain and develop excellent customer relationships and provide a high standard of customer service via telephone, letters, email. b) Identify, canvass, prospect and make effective contact with new businesses. c) Meet or exceed agreed sales targets by sustaining the existing new business with customers and identifying new sales opportunities in order to grow revenue. d) Selling presenting to clients face 2 face via appoints, including product demonstrations and providing samples. e) Be able to attend the office at least **** times a week. f) Liaising with the production and artwork team to follow up on orders and samples for clients. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Evidence of strong sales skills/process, communication, influencing and presentation skills. b) Experience of achieving challenging sales targets, revenue and call targets. c) Working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications. d) Excellent telephone skills, persuasive ability, ability to negotiate confidently. e) The ability to create relationships with customers, able to work under pressure to tight deadlines. f) Good level of numeracy skills, high attention to detail, flexible and adaptable to changing situations. g) Clean driving licence. h) Live in or close to area to be covered. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experienced in working for a medium sized sheet converter environment would be a plus. b) Knowledge of Screen / Digital Print P.O.S this would also be an advantage. You may have experience of the following: POS, Digital Print Sales Executive, Account Manager, Business Development, Area Sales, Cold Calling, Key Account Manager, Digital Printing, Field Sales, Account Executive, Printing, Publishing Sales, National Account Manager, Artworker, Digital Agency, Sales Manager, Account Director, Regional Sales, Screen Printing, Graphic Designer, Product Manager, Point of Sale etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.	Northampton,Northamptonshire	UK		permanent	EasyWebRecruitment	Sales Jobs	25k to 45k per year GBP	35000	jobsite.co.uk	0
51680	68637517	Development Manager / Software Project Manager (North London)	Development Manager to work for a global Software organisation. Our customer is one of the global industry leaders and due to growth they are now seeking a Development Manager / Software Project Manager to join their team based in North London. The nature of the role will be to manage a team of developers and project management software development projects. You will work closely with customers and the internal team of Architects, BA's and the Implementation Team. Your will be 60% Project Management and 40% Development Management. The ideal candidate will come from a software development background and will have experience of managing development teams and project managing the delivery of software projects. Customer facing experience and experience of working with Public Sector customers is seen as highly desirable. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global heavy weight that offers a structured career path and excellent benefits. Please apply for more information. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.	City of London - London	The City	full_time	permanent	CVbrowser	Consultancy Jobs	60000 - 70000	65000	cvbrowser.com	1
167594	71306566	Business Intelligence Analyst  SQL/Tableau	Business Intelligence Analyst  SQL/Tableau (French Speaking) Our client, a world leading ecommerce brand who are rapidly expanding as well as dominating Europe are seeking a French speaking Business Intelligence Analyst. This is a great role and company for a 1st/2nd jobber looking to utilize their soft skills and technical skills to their fullest potential. Your specific role will be based in their London offices and will include providing data consultation to their offices across **** locations in France and Germany. You will travel approximately once per month to one of the European offices, occasionally accompanied by another member of the Business Intelligence team, to showcase the projects the team has been working on and provide training. Whilst in the UK, you will be working on challenging analytical projects within the Business Intelligence team, consulting with different European teams to determine data requirements, and supporting their data driven decision making processes with high quality reporting and data analysis. You will report to the Director of Business Intelligence for Europe. A strong desire to learn, and develop your skills, both in a team and independently will be crucial to your success. Responsibilities Project Work: Facilitate the development of a complete reporting system for their French offices; Consulting with European teams across the company to discuss information requirements; Regularly travelling to their European offices to demonstrate projects and provide training; Support their current analytical and reporting processes and developing new processes using SQL Tableau; Design and improve dashboards and forecasting models to monitor and improve site and team performance; Develop analysis to pinpoint revenue and monetization opportunities based on key drivers; Collecting data, compiling, and producing high quality reports; Solving complex problems; Developing an excellent understanding of their bespoke reporting software; Effectively prioritize requests in accordance with corporate goals; and Additional duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or higher in mathematics, statistics, finance or other quantitative discipline; Fluent in French; At least one year's technical experience using a SQL based language; and Strong Excel skills, familiar with advanced concepts. Experience using statistical package such as R or STATA; (Desirable but not essential) Intellectual and analytical curiosity; Get in touch now if you would like to find out more about this fantastic opportunity **** **** **** / richard.lewisharveynash.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessIntelligenceAnalystSQLTableau_job****	City London South East	London		permanent	Harvey Nash plc	IT Jobs	30000 - 40000 per annum + + Bonus + Benefits	35000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
112119	69688427	Buyer / Inventory Manager	Managing a portfolio of suppliers, the ideal candidate for this role, will be CIPS qualified and be a naturally assertive and confident communicator. The prime duties will include: Effectively managing all purchasing and associated operational aspects of inventory management, including but not limited to demand forecasting, stock level setting, PO management, shipment and storage of inventory, ensuring inventory and service level targets are met, taking proactive action if improvements are needed to achieve target, ultimately improving customer experience, establishing and building effective relationships with key suppliers and stakeholders within the business, managing the supply chain from supplier to HQ, through strategic relationship management, working with Product Management to ensure both promotional and supplier activities are consistent. Ultimately to ensure customer experience is consistent and maintained, understanding and fully utilizing all appropriate tools to measure supplier / item performance (SOP measurement) on a weekly basis, maintaining a high level of internal customer service, supporting customer services where required, ensuring customer complaints and GIN s ( goods inwards investigation notes) are actioned efficiently and within the agreed timescales, Identifying under performing vendors and develop and action strategic relationship management plans, understanding and fully utilizing the inventory management system, to support decisions and actions required to improve service levels, managing the implications of short dated stock, supplier contract conditions and compliance/regulatory issues associated with the individuals supplier portfolio, managing the implications of short dated stock (ie shelf life, sell by date, do not use after etc), special handling and storage (ie temperature controlled, hazardous, mix etc), supplier contract conditions and compliance/regulatory issues (ie licensing, knowledge of drug/chemical precursors etc) associated with the individuals supplier portfolio and the management of associated business processes. In addition to the above, you will have Intermediate Excel Access knowledge, coupled with advanced analytical and problem solving abilities T****	Loughborough	Loughborough		contract	JR Personnel	Other/General Jobs	10.25 P/HR	19680	jobsite.co.uk	0
57437	68685409	HR Administrator / Human Resources Administrator	Our client is a charitable housing association providing homes, care and support across Yorkshire . Their core purpose is to provide good quality affordable homes to rent. They are currently seeking an HR Administrator to join their team based in Leeds, West Yorkshire . The main purpose of this role is to work as part of the HR team to provide a comprehensive and proactive HR service to all parts of the organisation. Within this role your main responsibilities will include administrating the recruitment and selection process, managing and collating data to enable the recruitment process to be continuously improved and demonstrate value for money and maintain the computerised payroll and manual HR system. You will also be expected to administer the process of obtaining Disclosure and Barring Service certificates (previously CRB disclosures), maintain accurate filing systems, storage and archiving and ensure that processes are completed in line with relevant SLA’s and KPI’s. The successful candidate will have worked within a similar role previously and will have a good standard of general education. You will ideally have experience of administering recruitment and DBS procedures, knowledge of HR administration and payroll processes and an awareness of employment legislation. You must have the ability to communicate and deliver clear written or verbal reports along with the ability to work under pressure, to strict timetables and with an exceptional level of accuracy. Highly organised, you will have the ability to manage and prioritise your workload and you will be a confident user of MS Office, particularly Word and Excel. The closing date for this role is Friday **** th January 2013. Interviews will be held Thursday **** th Friday **** th February 2013. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HRAdministratorHumanResourcesAdministrator_job****	Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Leeds		permanent	Networx.	Admin Jobs	17,961.70 per annum	17961	totaljobs.com	0
85556	69082294	Team Leader  Powder Coating Plant	Our client is looking to recruit an experienced Team Leader with a Powder Plant background The ideal candidate should have experience of running and setting a powder line, adjusting settings and performing colour changes and clean downs The ability to manually powder coat is also an advantage	Newton Aycliffe, North East	Aycliffe		permanent	Torus Supply Company Limited	Engineering Jobs	9/hour Shift Allowance + Overtime	17280	cv-library.co.uk	0
161762	71194399	History Teacher	Are you a qualified teacher of History, loooking to take up a new long term post in February 20****3? Can you comfortably teach your subject at KS**** **** and at 'A' Level? Qualified History teacher required for client school in Camberley, Surrey  History Teaching at KS**** **** and ****  Full Time Supply from February 2013  Maternity Cover Contract  1 Year  Good School in camberley, Surrey  Interviewing ASAP Servoca Education Resourcing are keen to hear from you if you are a qualified teacher of History, looking for a long term position to start in February 2013. We are working on behalf of a client school in Camberley, Surrey, who are keen to appoint a full time supply teacher of History to cover maternity leave for what is envisaged to be a full year. You would be joining a motivated, enthusiastic and dedicated Humanities department. Applications for this post are invited immediately and interviews for suitably qualified and experienced teachers will be arranged as soon as possible. To apply, simply upload your CV and we will contact you to discuss this opportunity further.	Surrey	Surrey	full_time	contract	SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING	Teaching Jobs	110 - 140 per day + Benefits	30000	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
20241	67163776	Account Director	In this fully integrated agency you will ensure service and creative excellence, you will be responsible for strategic development of the accounts, financial management, people training and management and the development of existing and new business. This role will drive the marketing strategy in both a B2B and a B2C environment across the full mix of marketing with creative, digital and communications. Managing a team of account mangers and executives you will continue to provide excellent service and fun creative marketing strategies with a strong ROI for the clients. Who we re looking for The right person for this role will be a strong strategic marketer with a proven track record within a marketing agency looking to grow your career with asuccessful and expanding organisation. About our client This is a fantastic time to join a leading agency who are have experienced substantial growth this year through excellent service and proven track record in creative and successful marketing campaigns based in Berkshire. What s on offer Basic salary is circa ****	Berkshire	Berkshire		permanent		PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	43000 - 46000	44500	michaelpage.co.uk	1
7629	64802107	Head of Junior School	Queen's Gate is a thriving GSA day school for girls aged **** **** and is ideally situated in Central London to take advantage of the many educational opportunities on offer. The Junior School has splendid facilities, fully refurbished in **** adjacent to the Senior School in Queen's Gate. HEAD OF JUNIOR SCHOOL We wish to appoint from April 2013 or September 2013, a suitably qualified Head of our Junior School. We invite applications from outstanding educators who are committed to building on the staff's excellent work and to developing the Junior School further, whilst retaining it as an integral part of the whole School. Applicants should have excellent interpersonal and leadership skills, an appreciation of the ethos of a girls' independent school and a commitment to building on Queen's Gate's reputation of providing an excellent all round education in a nurturing and family environment. For further details of the position and an application form, please email Debra at [contact details removed] or Tel: [contact details removed] . Queen's Gate is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and applicants must be willing to undergo enhanced CRB checks and have references taken up with previous employers.	London	London	full_time	permanent	Harris Hill	Teaching Jobs	From 60,000 to 60,000 per year	60000	jobsineducation.co.uk	1
59577	68691245	Sales Manager	Our client is one of the fastest growing, vibrant, forward thinking supplier of office furniture to the corporate, education, health care and residential sectors in the country. Due to continued expansion they are now looking for a Sales Manager (product) to join their team. The main role of the Sales Manger will be to develop the existing accounts and generate sales from new accounts. Some of the existing accounts include public contracts with local councils and major PLC’s. As the relationships are in place the key will be to nurture and act in a sales driven way to grow your territory. You could be attending a number of appointments a day so your organisation skills are a must. We are looking for somebody with proven sales ability ideally in the office furniture sector however we will consider applicants who have sales experience in other related industries. Due to the nature of the job you must live on patch and hold a full driving licence. If you are a driven individual and looking for a new opportunity to join a vibrant and progressive company where your career and earning potential can flourish then please submit your CV for immediate attention. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManager_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		permanent	Stanation	Admin Jobs	From 28,000 to 34,000 per annum	31000	totaljobs.com	0
145809	70696045	Drug Safety Medical Advisor, Global Pharmaceuticals  Ireland	I am very excited to make you aware of a Drug Safety Medical Advisor vacancy that has become available within my client s new European offices in Ireland. My client is one of the southern hemispheres largest manufacturers and distributors of branded and generic medicines, with a global presence covering over 100 countries. This position would suit a medic within interesting experience in clinical and postmarketed studies. We have been working very closely with this client in assisting the development of their new European office in Ireland, which is part of their business strategy to bolster their presence within the European Union. This being a new venture it has seen several innovative professionals being brought to kickstart the whole operation , from Pharmacovigilance Managers, Pharmacovigilance Physicians, QPPV and several other colleagues. They now need a fellow Drug Safety Medical Advisor to be brought in and join in with the expansion plan. As the Drug Safety Medical Advisor one will be responsible for providing medical evaluation and support with respect to pharmacovigilance operations across all products to include global affiliates for which the client holds MAs for. Working very closely with the QPPV, Deputy QPPV and other PV Physicians to ensure that medical support is in constant supply throughout the EU Pharmacovigilance department. Main responsibilities will include medical evaluation of Individual Case Safety Reports, Periodic Safety Update Reports, Annual Safety Reports and any other safety reports as required, Signal Detection and Risk Management Plans. This position would suit a medically trained (you MUST be a physician to be considered) pharmacovigilance professional with good experience in clinical and postmarketed studies of maybe 3 years. The salary for this position will be **** basic upwards and will come with a generous benefits package. Successfully screened candidates will be contacted immediately with interviews being scheduled within days, hopefully for a January start. If you meet the above requirements then apply to in order to avoid disappointment. Do not hesitate to send your CV in MS WORD format (NO PDFs please) to me, Magnus Majid, at m.majidnonstoppharma.com ,or alternatively, call me on **** **** **** **** for a discrete conversation in confidence. Feel free to forward this advert on to any friends or colleagues whom you think could be interested in it  referrals are always welcome and we pay a reward for your efforts.	Republic of Ireland	UK		permanent	NonStop Recruitment	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	70k - 90k pa	80000	emedcareers.com	1
107028	69594541	Temporary candidates needed ASAP	We are looking for temporary candidates to fill a number of assignments. We have a varied client base across the city and assignments ranging **** day to ongoing bookings. We are looking for confident, professional candidates who are happy to get involved and give ****00% If you have strong administration skills or reception experience please contact us now Good computer skills are essential and use of MS Office is preferable. Advertised by Office Angels, the City branch Please note that due to a high volume of response Office Angels receive; only successful candidates will be contacted For the purposes of the Regulations, please note that Office Angels in the provision of these services will be operating as a recruitment agency. Office Angels are an equal opportunities employer This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TemporarycandidatesneededASAP_job****	City London South East	London		contract	Office Angels	Admin Jobs	8.50 - 12 per hour	19680	totaljobs.com	0
30094	68061504	Fundraiser	Shared Interest Foundation is a British based international development charity whose mission is to support disadvantaged fair trade producers. It is a sister organisation to Shared Interest Society Limited, the world rsquo;s leading fair trade	Newcastle, TYNE and WEAR	Newcastle Upon Tyne		permanent	Shared Interest Foundation	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	21,000 to 25,000 per annum (depending on experience)	23000	charityjob.co.uk	0
88951	69145598	Software Project Manager	This is being advertised on behalf of Witton Recruitment who are operating as a recruitment agency. Software Project Manager, with previous proven experience, required for an expanding market leader in central Cirencester. Responsibilities to include: Managing budgets, deadlines and technical specification for **** projects  Initial liaison with client to determine exact requirement of the system build, specification and eventual use  Involving colleagues as required to advise on areas of the project based on relevant experience  Managing all project related documentation in accordance with company and audit regulations  Holding regular project meetings to ensure efficient progress Candidates with the following will be considered: Degree or equivalent in a relevant Engineering or Technical discipline with supporting engineering experience  Experience in managing commercial and financial projects with a budget of ****  Ability in delivering and managing multiple engineering projects at one time  Proven experience within an Electronic or IT software environment  Proven experience of managing a project life cycle. The successful candidate will be offered ****  **** p.a. dependant on previous experience **** hours are required to be worked Monday  Friday on a flexi time basis and the office closes at 1pm on a Friday. Free parking is provided on site. If you are interested in this position and would like to apply or find out more please email your CV in Word Format to or alternatively call **** **** Due to the high volumes of applications we are currently receiving we are, unfortunately, unable to respond to all applicants individually. If you do not have any contact from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that on this occasion unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful, and we invite you to submit your CV for other roles you feel your skills, qualifications and experience match.	Cirencester	Cirencester	full_time			IT Jobs	45,000.00 - 50,000.00 per year	47500	Jobcentre Plus	1
34049	68197769	Senior Analytical Team Leader	We are currently recruiting for a client of ours who operate within the marketing services industry in Leicestershire. They are looking for a Senior Analytical Team Leader to join them on a permanent fulltime basis. You shall be managing account teams from both the analytical and people management perspectives, ensuring databases are analysed clearly and proactively. The teams development regarding the ability to provide insightful and strategic insights on data is key, as is the guarantee of the quality of their work. Internal processes need to be as efficient as possible, and accounts will need to be grown with detailed growth plans in place so team members are clear on strategy. You shall carry out market analysis and through this create reports and advice to then give to the clients. To be successful within this role you shall have significant experience in a role that includes people management, data analysis and client service aspects, and data marketing needs to be a key skill that you possess. You must be an advanced user of Microsoft Access. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Leicestershire, England	Leicestershire				PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	35000.00 - 45000.00 per annum	40000	onlymarketingjobs.com	0
41745	68407805	APPLIANCE TRAINEES	Appliance trainees required for rapidly expanding Yorkshire company. Applicants must be of smart appearence, have excellent customer service skills, be customer focused and have their own car. **** p/m plus bonuses and commissions for those who qualify. To apply telephone **** **** between 10am and 4pm.	Pontefract	Pontefract	full_time		S H Systems	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	1,600.00 - 2,500.00 per month Basic + uncapped commission	24600	Jobcentre Plus	0
4748	62004903	Venue Manager, Site Gaming Manager  Leading Gaming Operator	Venue Manager, Site Gaming Manager  Leading Gaming Operator North London ****  ****  Bonus  Pension About us: We are a Leading Gaming operator looking to recruit a Venue Manager to join our team. The Opportunity: To deliver our fresh new approach, we require people who can create a certain ambience, have an eye for detail and demonstrate excellent levels of customer service. Previous supervisory experience is a prerequisite and experience in areas such as staff resourcing, marketing/promotional activities, housekeeping and administration would be an advantage. Who we are looking for? Strong manmanager required with outgoing personality and willing to market new business whilst designing and implementing new promotions. Ultimately, you must have the ability to build excellent relationships, both with customers and your team. A personable, friendly approach to your work is vital, whilst possessing the skills and personality to communicate with and serve people from all walks of life. You will have the satisfaction of leading or working within a small team and enjoy all the benefits of working for a large employer, including a basic salary, monthly and annual bonus scheme and pension You may have worked in the following capacities: Leisure Manager, Customer Services Manager, Store Manager, Leisure Centre Gaming Venue, Client Services Team Lead, Customer Service Supervisor. Application Statement: By applying for the role you give express consent for us to process your application in conjunction with this vacancy. All applications are treated with maximum respect and are looked at by humans not software The Venue Manager, Site Gaming Manager role is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com The UK's first online recruitment agency since ****	London N	North London			Recruitment Revolution	Customer Services Jobs	20,000 - 25000 + Bonus + Pension	22500	MyUkJobs	0
221314	72380775	German Speaking Senior Sales Executive	FRENCH SELECTION UKGerman Speaking Sales ExecutiveSales, Customer service, Account Management, Business Development, German, TelesalesSalary: ****k OTE  Bens (****K Basic pa  ****k com)Location: Newbury, BerkshireAt commuting distance from Basingstoke, Reading, Abingdon, Andover, Marlborough, Hungerford, Newbury, DidcotRef: ****SECar ownership ideal as the company is not easily accessible by public transportVIEW JOB DESCRIPTION > APPLY NOWPlease visit the French Selection UK website, vacancies section, search job reference: ****SEApplications submitted on our website will come to us in the correct format, which means they will be processed faster more efficiently by our team of consultants. The Company: Our client is an international companyMain Duties:To develop the client base and maintain business relationships as well as providing customer service support.The Role: To further develop the relevant markets (Germany and Eastern Europe) To make outbound calls to new clients  To develop and maintain strong relationship with new an existing clients To deal with enquiries, to provide quotations and to process orders To participate in exibhitions and sales visits when required To provide customer care and supportThe Candidate: Fluent in English  German (Written and spoken) Previous experience in Sales or Telesales is essential Strong Team Player Additional fluency in Polish or Czech would be an advantage Skilled in market research Excellent communication selling skills  Confident, proactive and dynamic Computer literate (excel, outlook, Word, SAGE)Salary:****K Basic pa  ****k OTE  Benefits (Bonus scheme, Pension, free parking, Healthcare scheme, 20 days holiday)French Selection UK  The leading recruitment consultancy specialising in the placement of French, German, Spanish, Italian and Russian speaking professionals and executives throughout the United Kingdom.	Berkshire - Newbury	Newbury	full_time	permanent	CVbrowser	Consultancy Jobs	25000 - 30000	27500	cvbrowser.com	0
131537	70193802	Industrial Cleaners	Industrial Cleaners Description We currently have an opportunity for Industrial Cleaners to join our team. Main res ponsibilities As a Industrial Cleaner you will be responsible for: Ensuring that a first class cleaning service is delivered to all areas of the factory Following Health and Safety policies and procedures The ideal candidate The successful candidate for this role will have: Previous experience in a factory environment. Must have experience with scrubbing / buffing machines. Adhere to standards and procedures. Health and Safety experience. Good interpersonal skills. BIC cleaning qualification or equivalent is also desirable, but not essential. MUST have own transport due to clients location and shift pattern. Hours of work  Early shift 6am  2pm. Back shift 2pm  Midnight. We regret we are unable to reply to every applicant. If you do not hear from us within three weeks please assume you have not been shortlisted.	Livingston	Livingston	full_time		Peopleforwork	Other/General Jobs	6.19 per hour	11884	Jobcentre Plus	0
237078	72576756	PA/Personal Assistant  Japanese Speaking	Japanese speaking PA/Personal Assistant/Administrator/Secretary/Coordinator, English and Japanese speaking, Based in the London area, **** year contract, Approx �**** per hour flexible. One of our leading clients is looking to recruit a Japanese speaking we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.	UK	UK	full_time	contract	JOBG8	Admin Jobs	From 15 to 20 per hour	33600	JustLondonJobs	0
210864	72194544	Fund Data Manager  Marketing	Proven active and independent investment manager is growing their UK marketing presence within their mutual fund business. Specifically they are seeking a professional who can manage their fund marketing content on the company website and many other third party sites. Fund Data Manager  Marketing ****k London / Surrey This newly created and highly responsible role has three key spheres of influence. Firstly, thirdparty relationship platform management. This will ensure the organisation s fund range is represented with the highest quality on these platforms and data vendors. There will be additional screening and sourcing of new platforms. Secondly, there will be a focus on content management within the organisation. Thirdly, there will be a focus on the company site. There will be scope for this to develop as the mutual fund range gathers assets. This role requires a good understanding of funds across all asset classes. There will be an emphasis on managing and partnering with platforms and an understanding of how fund data is presented. Although this role is not managing people we would welcome candidates who have reached this level, as managing third parties is vital. The role will also be managed remotely. This is a genuine opportunity to join a growing fund management organisation with a clear strategy and vision. An attractive benefits package accompanies a competitive base and bonus. The business culture is professional and collegiate and the outlook is longterm. Austin Benn is a professional recruitment consultancy specialising in the placement of sales, marketing and financial markets professionals across the UK. Austin Benn Consultants Ltd operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business.	South East	South East London		permanent	Austin Benn	Accounting & Finance Jobs	60-75k	67500	cityjobs.com	1
127832	70075331	Temporary Primary Teacher	What is the Role? Title: Temporary Primary Teacher Location: Brodick Primary School Salary: ****  **** Duration  approx March 2****1**** To be responsible and accountable for teaching duties in accordance with the Council's overall Education and Skills objectives. P****/**** Class Teacher What will you do? To deliver an effective education service in accordance with the Council’s corporate policies and procedures and relevant strategy provision. Teaching P****/4 What do you need to bring to the Role? You must be, or be eligible to be, GTCS Registered. References As part of the selection process we ask that you provide ONE completed reference alongside your application form. References will be read in conjunction with your application form. Therefore, applicants who do not submit references in time will be placed at a disadvantage compared to those who have provided appropriate references, as additional points will be added to your score where the panel are in receipt of a satisfactory reference (i.e 0 points for no reference received, maximum of **** points for a very strong reference). Your second referee will be contacted by North Ayrshire Council if you are the preferred candidate for the post. Please note that it is your responsibility to gather a reference, and forward the completed reference to the relevant contact within the School. References should be received before the closing date for the vacancy. References for this vacancy should be emailed/faxed/posted to; Name: Susan Kelly Email: brodickea.nayrshire.sch.uk  Vetting by Disclosure Scotland Regulated Work with Children; This post is considered Regulated Work with Children, under the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act, **** Therefore, it is an offence to apply if you are barred from working with children. Preferred candidates will be required to join the PVG Scheme, or undergo a PVG Scheme Update check, prior to a formal offer of employment being made by North Ayrshire Council. Please note: Successful candidates will be expected to meet the cost of the relevant PVG check (**** or ****), which will be deducted in installments from your wages following the commencement of employment. For further information on the PVG Scheme please visit www.disclosurescotland.gov.uk. Closing Date: 11 February 2013 Grade: Main Grade Teacher  ****  **** Disclosure: PVG Scheme Children	Scotland	Scotland	full_time	contract	BRODICK PRIMARY SCHOOL	Teaching Jobs	21,438 - 34,200	27819	jobs.guardian.co.uk	0
30215	68061997	Mobile Gas Engineer  Bristol, Gloucester	Mobile Gas Engineer  Bristol , Gloucester One of the UK 's largest Maintenance Contractors is looking for a temp to perm Mobile Gas Engineer to join their team working on a portfolio of commercial buildings covering Bristol and Gloucester areas. As a Mobile Gas Engineer your daily responsibilities will include carrying out PPM, fault finding, rectification and repair to a variety of gas systems that include boilers, gas fired appliances, overhead radiant, heating and ventilation systems, and pumps. You will have experience of working for a maintenance contractor on a range of commercial properties and good allround knowledge of all building services. You MUST hold current Gas Certificates CCN**** COCN**** or CoDNCO **** You must have a full UK driving license This vacancy comes with an attractive salary package, fully expensed company vehicle, plenty of opportunity for overtime and progression within the company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileGasEngineerBristolGloucester_job****	Bristol Avon South West	UK		contract	FACILITY ASSOCIATES RECRUITMENT LTD	Engineering Jobs	17 per hour	32640	totaljobs.com	0
154160	70955640	Inhouse Lawyer	InHouse Lawyer AM37859 An inhouse lawyer is required for a standalone commercial contracts position within a large organisation based in the North East. The role will be recruited on a temporary basis due to a period of increased legal workload and requires a candidate who can start immediately. The role would suit a commercial contracts lawyer with a proven background in an inhouse environment and over 5 years postqualified experience (or equivalent) in this area. You will be negotiating, drafting and managing contracts for the provision of services to a variety of sectors and experience in these areas as well as dealing with complex indemnities and liabilities provisions is essential. This role is moving very quickly so please apply online for immediate consideration.	North East England	North East England	full_time	contract	Sacco Mann	Legal Jobs	From 200 to 275 per day	57000	TotallyExec	1
172737	71422151	Application Architects Fantastic opportunity	Application Architects  Software focused and System Integration Location  Preston or Farnborough  must be fully mobile Salary  negotiable on experience Application Architects  Become an integral part of some of the most interesting, complex projects around A truly exceptional global consultancy needs truly exceptional Application Architects, and this is where you come in. Each day you will be able to make a big impact, joining an elite group within their technology System integration team focusing on the design and delivery of Application Management delivery projects. Your responsibilities will include  Defining the technical architecture 'vision' and design principles throughout the full lifecycle Defining and preparing requirements, technical estimatse, governance documentation Managing project scope, risk, issues, dependancies, and delivery strategy To be successful you must have a strong system integration and delivery track record. Ideally application design skills, and can draw on your extensive experience of working in multidisciplinary teams, and exceptional client facing skills. In return, you will be working on multimillion pound programmes and projects creating innovative, game changing strategies. Interested? Then send your details to Rob at Rob_Tinformatiq.co.uk or ring on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplicationArchitectsFantasticopportunity_job****	North West	North West London		permanent	Informatiq	IT Jobs	50,000 - 90,000	70000	totaljobs.com	1
184654	71658838	L&D Manager	My client a global brand, are seeking a Head of Talent Management. They have clear ambitions to be global market leaders in their field and have a number of exciting change and transformation projects in the pipeline to enable them to achieve this. Owning all aspects of talent management, performance management and succession planning, the role will be responsible for:  Building existing and future talent for the senior leadership pipeline.  Building front line skills and capabilities using scalable blended learning approaches.  The succession and talent management processes, systems and engagement.  The learning and development activities within the business transformation projects.  Supporting the Organisation and Development function in engaging the business with its strategy and people objectives and initiatives. This is a global role which will require a skilled and experience Talent Management professional who can prioritise and deliver on the development needs of a global, dynamic and complex business and industry. To be successful, you will have significant experience of implementing global Talent Management, Performance Management and Succession Planning strategies and activities across different regions of the world. Experience of successfully implementing elearning platforms and talent planning systems, on line, is a prerequisite as is man management.	London, England, Greater London	London			Investigo	HR & Recruitment Jobs	70000 - 75000 per annum + bonus + bens	72500	Personneltoday Jobs	1
24358	67648926	Assistant Planner	Our client are a leading company in the rail sector who work on an array of projects covering signalling, track, OLE, civils, station refurb and various others. Due to their current workload they are looking for a Junior Planner/Assistant Planner to join their team. The ideal candidate will either be a recent graduate in a project management discipline, or someone who has a few months experience in a project planning capacity. The initial remit will be to assist the current planning team in providing management information to established processes, but there is plenty of scope for the role to progress into a full on Planner position over time. Exposure to Primavera software is ideal, however this large organisation can provide appropriate training. It is essential that the successful Junior Planner/Assistant Planner will be an enthusiastic, dynamic and positive individual with a cando attitude and solid communication skills. Our client can offer the stability of working for an industry leading organisation, and a salary up to **** **** p/annum. Please apply for further details. Services advertised by Project Resource are that of an employment business and/or agency	Manchester, Greater Manchester	Manchester		permanent	Project Resource Limited	Trade & Construction Jobs	20000 - 25000/annum benefits	22500	cv-library.co.uk	0
86345	69088987	Global Operational Risk Manager  Banking	The purpose of the role three fold:Support the implementation of the Group s integrated operational risk framework and policiesProvide oversight of operational risk framework implementation and risk and control issues Be part of the Group centre of excellence in operational risk and internal control Key Accountabilities Develop and maintain an effective operational risk framework adding value to the business Deploy an integrated approach, providing a common platform to manage operational risk and internal controlBuild and support a culture within the organization which acknowledges the requirement for effective management of operational risk and internal controlAssess and report on the adequacy of operational risk and internal control management across the organisation.To work effectively with Regional Operational Risk and Global Business Operational Risk leadership teams, and functions. The successful candidate will have extensive Operational Risk experience preferably from the Group or Central Functions division of an International Bank. Banking experience is a must and they must be able to demonstrate an indepth understanding of banking activities, products, processes and systems. The ability to conceptualise the operational impact of business change and the communication, negotiation and influencing skills to drive change through are also essential qualities for this role.	London	London			Barclay Simpson	Accounting & Finance Jobs	To 100k +Bens + Bonus	50000	eFinancialCareers	1
116598	69793565	Sales Manager	About Us NICE Systems (NASDAQ: NICE), is the worldwide leader of intentbased solutions that capture and analyze interactions and transactions, realize intent, and extract and leverage insights to deliver impact in real time. Driven by crosschannel and multisensor analytics, NICE solutions enable organizations to improve business performance, increase operational efficiency, prevent financial crime, ensure compliance, and enhance safety and security. NICE serves over **** organizations in the enterprise and security sectors, representing a variety of sizes and industries in more than 150 countries, and including over **** of the Fortune **** companies. Job Description We are seeking proven, quotacarrying sales performer to help us expand upon our Security Surveillance business in the Dutch market. Responsibilities include generating new business in new accounts and in new markets, as well as playing the key role as you drive strategic Customer Experience initiatives for our existing customers. Duties Responsibilities Lead and close all new business transactions while expanding existing accounts for the sale of NICE Surveillance solutions to prospective customers in the Netherlands Create and maintain a pipeline through a combination of cold calling, email campaigns and market sector knowledge/intelligence Create and develop a channel and partner networks Achieve annually and quarterly sales targets. Prospect, identify and develop potential customers and partners. Develop account and regional sales plans. Provide tailored product presentations, application studies, financial justifications and demonstrations to illustrate the benefits of NICE products and services. The Individual Extensive, relevant experience of selling enterprise software solutions gained within a major software applications vendor or Extensive, relevant experience of selling of Video Management system or other Physical Security Solutions. Background in Security sales (CCTV, Situation Management)  an Advantage Experience in selling projects Demonstrable track record of sales quota and revenue over achievement with a strong reference base across prior customers and employers Ability to develop relationships with the 'C' or VP level business users to sell based on business value Selfsufficient, and likes to be given end objectives with flexibility to take ownership and manage activities processes to achieve results Ability to deliver against tight timelines with Customer Focused DNA Bilingual Dutch/English Technically knowledgeable with the ability to relate technology to business issues Individual must be highly motivated with excellent communication and presentations skills Proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Salesforce.com Bachelor's degree	Europe	UK			NICE Systems	Other/General Jobs	75,000-99,999 yearly	87499	theladders.co.uk	1
90822	69169337	School Accountant	The SF Group are currently recruiting a School Accountant for our Academy client. This is an involving role that will see you ensure effective financial control and general management within an exciting and developing sector. The education sector has undertaken numerous changes in the last 2 years and the successful candidate will be able to adapt their approach to ensure the academy meets new industry standards. You will advise the senior education stakeholders of their financial commitments and be point of contact for all accounting enquires. You will be a Part Qualifed/Qualifed accountant with business partnering experience ideally within the education arena. Our client is seeking to onboard a seasoned finance professional and offer the opportunity to create a finance function by your own design. As an Academy our client is aspiring to the highest educational standards and need the finance function to support their ambitious plans. Only applicants with a suitable amount of UK based experience and who have a legal right to work within the UK will be considered. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SchoolAccountant_job****	Birmingham West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		permanent	SF Group	Accounting & Finance Jobs	28000 - 32000	30000	totaljobs.com	0
23	24835548	Control and Instrumentation Engineer	Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Reading. Our client is seeking applications from experienced C Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Degree (or equivalent) in Electrical, Electronic or Control and Instrumentation Engineering or other relevant discipline. Chartered Engineer. Able to demonstrate sound technical experience. A sufficient and appropriate level of building services and controls experience gained within a client organisation, engineering consultancy or equipment supplier. Project management, including controls, planning and estimating and preparation of deliverable/work package. Desirable Working within a multidiscipline engineering team and having a general appreciation of other disciplines constraints and requirements. Nuclear safety case issues and NII site licence conditions. Building management systems. Fire detection and alarms. Telecoms. UPS. Experience of the nuclear industry. Experience of IEE Wiring Regulations 17th edition BS**** Experience of transmission (****kV) electrical plant and configuration design. Experience of distribution (up to ****kV) electrical plant and configuration design. Experience of protection and control design at Transmission and Distribution voltages. The Individual Control and Instrumentation Engineer  A confident and professional manner. Excellent communication skills. Ability to use initiative and demonstrate creativity. Self motivated and committed to further study. Ability to work within a team. Responsibilities  Responsible for providing technical input into the control and instrumentation, and potentially electrical, design aspects of substation refurbishment/rekit projects and leading electrical/control aspects of major infrastructure projects from system studies and investment appraisals through to detailed design. Liaison with clients, suppliers and contractors. Provide technical input into the specification, selection and justification of relevant equipment. Generation of Front End Engineering Design packages. Provide technical input into the relevant equipment assessment and justification reports. Production of Commissioning Procedures. Production of Technical Specifications. Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Location Reading, Berkshire	Berkshire, South East	Berkshire		permanent	Gregory Martin International	Engineering Jobs	28000 - 35000/annum 28K-35K	31500	cv-library.co.uk	0
140534	70576957	Venue and Client Manager  Independent MK Charity	We ve just had our most successful year ever, putting more than 1 million into supporting local charities. To take the business forward and achieve our ambitions for 2013 and beyond, we are seeking an exceptional person. We are an independent charity that inspires philanthropy in people and organisations to support our local communities. We champion the work and changing needs of the voluntary sector, providing long term support through our grantmaking and property portfolio. VENUE AND CLIENT MANAGER Salary: ****  **** per annum (dependent on experience) (This includes 5% pension contribution, on successful completion of a six month probationary period) This is an exciting opportunity for a selfmotivated person who has exceptional organisational and communication skills, plus energy and enthusiasm to lead this exciting new initiative. The role will involve developing our Central Milton Keynes venues, Acorn House and Midsummer House to provide services, resources and accommodation for the local voluntary sector, in addition to small and medium sized enterprises. This is a full time position and the successful candidate will be responsible for line management of support staff, and will manage and develop our CMK sites. The ideal candidate will be an experienced and successful line manager, with facilities management experience, exceptional administration, IT and database skills and interpersonal skills, together with a supportive and professional attitude. They are passionate about our work; enjoy playing an active and supportive team role, with empathy towards community needs. We are looking for people who embrace and enjoy working in an interesting and fast paced environment, and respond enthusiastically to new opportunities. With excellent customer care skills, ideally in the hospitality sector, plus knowledge and understanding of the voluntary sector. The post holder will work closely with the Chief Executive to develop both venues in line with the Community Foundation s strategic plan, identifying and acting upon funding opportunities, representing the Community Foundation at networking events and working with the other Community Foundation staff members to enable the organisation to achieve its objectives. You will have some evening and weekend work (with time off in lieu) so a flexible approach is essential. Closing date: **** noon Wednesday 27 February 2013. Interviews: Wednesday 13 March 2013 for a whole day interview TO APPLY AND FOR FURTHER INFORMATION  Please click the apply button  You will then be taken directly to the Employer s website  Once you have visited the Employer s website, please follow their instructions on how to complete the application  Please note the job board may ask to upload your CV to register, but you will be required to complete an application form from the Employer s website. Member of the Community Foundation Network. No agencies please	Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire	Milton Keynes		permanent	MK Community Foundation	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	25000 - 28000/annum dependent on experience	26500	cv-library.co.uk	0
124003	69966595	Engineer Surveyors Greater London  Crane / Lift / Pressure	The Company ranks as the world s second largest group in conformity assessment and certification services in the fields of quality, health and safety, environment, and social responsibility ( QHSE ) and the world leader in QHSE services not including raw materials inspection. We are currently seeking Engineering professionals In the Greater London area, who can demonstrate strong suitable technical skills to carry out high quality inspections and operate within agreed authorities, inspection and H s engineering discipline Act on behalf of the company, making full use of technical expertise and when required identify any possible business opportunities and advise all appropriate business areas. Maintain technical standards within business units to meet business plan measures participating in Technical Competency Testing and Technical Audits (internal s are met PERSONNEL DELIVERABLES Delivery against key personal s Work in line with utilization target Carry out all work in a safe & effective way We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK	London	London		permanent	Randstad Construction, Property Engineering	Engineering Jobs	0 - 35000/annum car	17500	cv-library.co.uk	0
169083	71336645	Child and Adolescent Mental Health Nurse	Randstadcare are looking for experienced senior nurse, who must have significant and relevant experience of working within a Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) environment in Bury. You must also meet the following criteria as a minimum: Minimum of 2 years relevant postregistration experience  at least 12 months of which must be in a CAMHS RMN role. Experience in delivering and receiving supervision to other staff. Evidence of excellent leadership skills with the ability to assess and prioritise clinical situations. Evidence of ability to communicate effectively between medical and nursing staff (verbally and in writing). If you would like more information please call Darren Logue asap on **** **** **** or send an up to date resume via the link provided.	Bury, Greater Manchester	Bury			Randstad Care	Social work Jobs	29345 - 31256 per annum + negotiable	30300	jobs.communitycare.co.uk	0
154318	71011739	Cost Draftsperson Liverpool	Cost Draftsperson Liverpool My client is a law costs specialist with a great reputation. They are currently looking to recruit a Costs Draftsman into their growing Liverpool office. The successful Cost Draftsman will ideally have at least one years experience dealing with drafting bills. It would be beneficial if you have experience drafting other costs pleadings, such as Points of Disputes and Replies or advocacy experience however this is not essential. This is an excellent role within a very supportive working environment, where continued professional development is taken seriously. The salary is defendant on experience and they offer a good benefits package. To find out more about this Law Costs opportunity please forward your CV to Nadine Walker at Sacco Mann, or alternatively call our Manchester office to discuss. We have a number of roles in this legal area of specialism so please feel free to browse our website, to consider other similar cost drafting opportunities. costs drafts person liverpool	Merseyside	Merseyside	full_time	permanent	Sacco Mann	Legal Jobs	From 20,000 to 35,000 per year	27500	TotallyLegal	0
241607	72678257	Linux Systems Engineer, Oxford, ****K****K	Linux Systems Engineer, Oxford, ****K****K Linux Systems Engineer, Unix, Networking, SAN / NAS, Disaster Recovery, Kickstart, Jumpstart, PUPPET. An exceptional investment management company based in Oxford is searching for a Linux Systems Engineer to join their growing team. My client is seeking a bright and ambitious individual who can display fantastic desire as well as technical aptitude. The role will involve working closely with other members of the IT department in order to design and develop infrastructure and elaborate solutions to complex technical issues. Strong academics are a musthave. In return you will be rewarded with a competitive salary ranging ****K  ****K depending on experience, with an excellent benefits package. Essential skills: Excellent Linux administration skills Experience using automated server deployment technologies Solid networking experience and understanding Strong working knowledge of storage systems Proven experience implementing disaster recovery processes Scripting skills (Perl or Python or Ruby, etc.) C Programming skills would be advantageous If you have the technical abilities required and are highly motivated with brilliant problemsolving skills then this could be an outstanding opportunity for you.	Oxfordshire,Oxford	UK		permanent	Jobsite Jobs	IT Jobs	30000.00 - 70000.00 GBP Annual + From 30,000 to 	50000	jobsite.co.uk	1
79170	69017407	Account Support	Reporting to the Sales Director, the purpose of this role is to deliver the goals of the Companys sales plan, support the sales managers in providing high quality office based sales support to our distributor, OEM including maintenance of Customer database to ensure all sales enquiries are entered and customer details updated as necessary Pricing guidelines Sales Handbook Distributors Develop relationships with designated distributors by regular, twoway communication. Provide distributors with support at shows. Order Processing Support the order processing onto the ERP system. Show Support Represent company on their show stand, advising attendees of the benefits of the product range. General Assist the Marketing team in actioning the marketing strategy. Undertake other tasks as may be required from time to time by the Directors of the Company. Recruitment South East Ltd aim to respond to all applications personally. However due to the high number of applications we receive, we regret this is not always possible. Therefore, if you have not heard from us within 14 days of your application, please be advised that you have not been successful in this instance	Chichester, West Sussex	Chichester		permanent	Recruitment South East	Admin Jobs	18000 - 22000/annum Salary DOE	20000	cv-library.co.uk	0
173419	71430549	Legal secretary	JS/BCR/**** Are you looking for a fulltime legal secretary position? Do you have proven Legal secretarial experience? Available immediately? Bell Cornwall are currently looking for experienced secretaries to join our client in their residential property team. The role will initially be offered on the basis of a 6 month contract. As an experienced Residential Legal secretary you will have proven experience of secretarial duties on your CV including high volume audio typing, client liaison and diary management. You must have a minimum typing speed of **** WPM. The successful candidate will have:  Previous legal secretarial experience  Good communication skills  Fast, accurate typing speeds  Ability to prioritise workload  Proactive 'can do' attitude This is an excellent opportunity for a trained legal secretary to join a thriving and prestigious firm. Interested? Apply now Interested? To hear more please contact Jay Singh at Bell Cornwall Recruitment on **** **** **** or apply by emailing a copy of your CV to Jaybellcornwall.co.uk BCR aim to get back to all applicants within **** hours. Please note that if you do not receive a response by this time then unfortunately you have been unsuccessful for this particular role. BCR have more fantastic opportunities for you Visit www.bellcornwall.co.uk follow BCR on Twitter LoveWorkBeHappy to view all of the latest jobs. BCR want to make finding a job that you will love as smooth sailing as possible. BCR now offer evening appointments to fit around your working life. Love Work Be Happy PA/Executive Assistants, Secretarial, Reception, Administration, Marketing, IT, HR, Law, Finance, Customer Services, Sales BELL CORNWALL RECRUITMENT (For the purposes of recruiting for this vacancy Bell Cornwall Recruitment is acting as a recruitment agency. Bell Cornwall Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer who welcomes applications from all age groups) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Legalsecretary_job****	Warwickshire West Midlands	Warwickshire		contract	Bell Cornwall Associates	Admin Jobs	16000 - 18000 per annum + Pro Rota	17000	totaljobs.com	0
53360	68673424	Part Time Legal Secretary	One of the UK's leading Commercial Law firms is currently looking to recruit an experienced Legal Secretary to join them on a temporary six month contract basis. This is a part time secretarial vacancy, with the successful candidate working ****hrs over a **** day week. Applicants must therefore be happy committing to these hours for the 6 month period. The role is based within the Real Estate department of the firm's Bristol Offices, where the successful candidate will be required to provide secretarial and administrative support to the team's fee earners. Responsibilities will include: Typing of file notes, reports, statements and other legal documents Amending and formatting of documents e.g. lease agreements Managing incoming post and emails when fee earners are out of the office Diary Management and meeting coordination Telephone correspondence with clients Copying, faxing and collating information to send to clients You should have audio typing speeds of around **** words per minute, and high levels of accuracy in relation to document production. You will have a confident and professional approach to work and have excellent organisational skills. To hit the ground running in this role you will ideally have at least two year's experience working as a legal secretary, preferably having gained exposure to Real Estate work. If you feel you possess the required experience and are interested in pursuing this opportunity then please email a copy of your CV to gemmabellcornwall.co.uk . If you have any questions relating to this vacancy then please call Gemma Kuczora at Bell Cornwall Recruitment on **** **** BCR aim to get back to all applicants within **** hours. Please note that if you do not receive a response by this time then unfortunately you have been unsuccessful for this particular role. BCR have more fantastic opportunities for you Visit www.bellcornwall.co.uk follow BCR on Twitter LoveWorkBeHappy to view all of the latest jobs. BCR want to make finding a job that you will love as smooth sailing as possible. BCR now offer evening appointments to fit around your working life. Love Work Be Happy PA/Executive Assistants Secretarial Reception Administration Marketing IT HR Law Finance Customer Services Sales BELL CORNWALL RECRUITMENT (For the purposes of recruiting for this vacancy Bell Cornwall Recruitment is acting as a recruitment agency. Bell Cornwall Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer who welcomes applications from all age groups) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PartTimeLegalSecretary_job****	Bristol Avon South West	UK		contract	Bell Cornwall Associates	Admin Jobs	17000 - 20000 per annum	18500	totaljobs.com	0
199549	71851242	Membership Advisor  Ewell	Membership Advisor  Ewell ****  ****k plus uncapped OTE Join LA fitness  FIA Operator of the Year We are looking for our current and future heroes. We are looking for candidates for the role of Membership Advisor. Pure and simple you need to be driven, ambitious, tenacious and ready to prove yourself and to be the best at what you do. In return we will give you the opportunity to earn FANTASTIC commission, training, development and a clear and concise path to management. Sound good? LA fitness is a leading health and fitness chain with a portfolio of **** clubs nationwide and over a quarter of a million members. There has never been a more exciting time to join our company as we continue to become the employer of choice in the market place. We continue to invest heavily in both our facilities and our team members and are looking for inspirational and passionate characters for our business to help us achieve our goal. Membership Advisors are hugely important and valued parts of our business and are expected to provide our members with solutions to their fitness needs. They are also brand ambassadors and help promote the business to prospective new members, corporate businesses and friends of our members. Exceptional LA team members also have every chance of developing their career towards senior management through our development programmes and nothing gives us more pleasure than seeing our team members move from Membership Advisor to Management. We are looking for highly ambitious and motivated professionals and are keen to talk to passionate people from the hospitality, retail or health and fitness industries. You could also be a graduate and looking to begin your career  what we are looking for is the WILL It is essential that you are passionate about fitness and have fantastic people skills. Also very importantly you must be keen to work in a target driven environment. Benefits include a competitive basic salary, two complimentary memberships, 20 days holiday and a range of benefits If this sounds like the role you have been looking for simply click 'apply now' Due to the huge level of applications we regret that we will only be in contact with those candidates who meet the above criteria This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MembershipAdvisorEwell_job****	Epsom Surrey South East	Epsom		permanent	Leisurejobs Executive Search	Sales Jobs	From 13,500 to 14,000 per annum	13750	totaljobs.com	0
220967	72377552	PART TIME ACCOUNTS ASSISSTANT	An exciting opportunity as an part time (**** hours a week) Accounts Assistant has arisen within ****net Technologies Limited, an award winning telecommunication company. Reporting into the Financial Controller you will perform all of the transactional and administration work within the accounting function. Duties will include: • Credit control • Processing sales invoices • Coding and inputting of invoices and matching with purchase orders • Invoice filing • Reconciliation of purchase ledger accounts • Dealing with customer/supplier queries • Supporting the financial controller • Any other work as required As the role will involve dealing with customers and suppliers, you will be expected to build and maintain ongoing relationships. This will require excellent communication interpersonal skills, a confident and outgoing personality and a hardworking, assertive work ethic. The successful candidate will be methodical, accurate, have excellent communication skills and the ability to work within a small team. SAGE experience will be an advantage but not essential. You will need a good level of excel skills. This is a brilliant part time opportunity for an Accounts Assistant with a positive, friendly persona to join an innovative, successful company. Due to the high volume of applications received, regrettably only successful candidates will be contacted.	Manchester	Manchester		permanent	4net Technologies Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	18000.00 to 20000.00	19000	tntjobs.co.uk	0
128875	70139275	Financial Analyst	My Client is an innovative software/telecoms company and is looking for a financial analyst to join their commercial finance team. Key Duties: Budgeting and Forecasting Performance Analysis Reporting to senior management AdHoc Analysis as required The ideal candidate will be a highly analytical, qualified accountant with a solid academic background. Knowledge of the software/telecoms company will be seen as a bonus. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case. Financial Analyst  ****  ****  Benefits  Reading	Reading	Reading	full_time	permanent	CMC Consulting Limited	Accounting & Finance Jobs	40,000 - 45,000 + Benefits	42500	myjobs.cimaglobal.com	0
29313	68023203	Lecturer	Job Reference Number: UOS**** Salary: Grade ****: ****  **** per annum, with the potential to progress to **** The Department of Economics is committed to contributing to the knowledge and understanding of economic principles and issues through excellence in research and teaching. 95% of our research was deemed to be of an international standard in RAE **** with 70% in the top two categories (i.e. **** and ****), and the most recent National Student Survey revealed a 90% student satisfaction rate. This position is one of a number of posts currently being advertised as part of the continued expansion of the Department of Economics at the University of Sheffield. This expansion is built on our recent successes in attracting research grant income, and growth in student numbers at postgraduate level, including an increase in the number of PhD students. Applications are sought from ambitious, talented and highly motivated individuals who will play an active role in enhancing the department s national and international reputation for world class teaching, research excellence and innovation. You will therefore have a strong commitment to individual research, collaboration and teaching excellence and a strong desire to develop your research profile in line with the Departmental Research Strategy, through personal research, applying for research funding, and supervising research students. Applications are invited from any area of the discipline but we particularly welcome applications from those with expertise in the broad area of macroeconomics. You will hold a PhD in a relevant area (be nearing completion, or have equivalent experience). In addition you will have proven teaching experience with evidence of the ability to produce high quality research publications. This post is available from September 2013 although an earlier or later start is negotiable by mutual agreement. Appointment may be subject to an initial probationary period, dependent upon experience.	Northern England	Northern Ireland			University of Sheffield	Teaching Jobs	37,382 to 44,607 . With the potential to progress to 50,186	40994	Jobs Ac	0
244038	72694088	Staff Nurse  Recovery	Our client is a leading Private healthcare provider in central London and they are looking for a talented and enthusiastic Staff Nurse with Recovery experience to work in their Main Theatres. The successful candidate will work as part of the multi disciplinary team to deliver a high standard of care to the patient undergoing medical treatment. Role Responsibilities and Duties: CLINICAL DELIVERY •Ensure high standards of care for patients and their families by: oDelivery and management of direct nursing care, oWorking with agreed nursing standards and according to Nursing and Midwifery Council Code for nurses, oBeing accountable for nursing outcomes, oEnhancing the quality of care by assisting with the management of change in nursing practice based on evidence/research. •Plan and organise own workload in order to meet patient need. •Understand the principles of delivering prescribed treatment safely to achieve positive patient outcomes. •Within a system of case management, coordinate and monitor the progress of patient care and report any variance appropriately. •Ensure the correct storage and administration of medications in accordance with the hospital policies and NMC Standards for Medicine Management and ensure the safe handling of drug keys at all times. •Practice multidisciplinary team care and contribute actively towards its successful management. •Act at all times as the patient advocate. •Work in accordance with the Nursing Strategy to meet the Hospital and Nursing objectives. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.	London London England	London			Matchtech	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	33000 per annum	33000	gojobsearch.co.uk	0
12875	66578619	HSEQ Advisor/Hydrocarbon/FPSO/Staff/Aberdeen	I am currently working with one of the leading global providers of FPSO services to the oil and gas industry. The company has an excellent track record on project execution and operations and they need a HSEQ advisor to join them on a staff basis inAberdeen. Skills:  HSEQ advisor experience  Come from an operations or production background  Experience with floating platforms and FPSO s.  Degree (must be a technical engineering degree)  Hydrocarbon Experience Your role:  liaise with offshore teams  be able to obtain the trust of Offshore teams  communicate effectively with the safety officer  prepare risk assessments  Certificates  Go offshore when necessary Salary: open at the moment discuss over the phone If you are interested in finding out more about this role please apply today and I can call you to discuss	aberdeen aberdeenshire Aberdeen	Aberdeen		permanent		IT Jobs	80000	80000	technojobs.co.uk	1
226831	72442763	NEW CAREER Business Development Manager (Datacentre Design Necessary)	Unbelievable Opportunity ****  **** Pa  a package that includes – uncapped commission Pension Private Healthcare more…. Chase Resourcing are delighted to announce an exclusive position with their UK based Client. Europe’s leading provider of premium carrierneutral data centres, operating facilities in city locations across Europe. This is a fantastic opportunity to earn a strong salary and an excellent remuneration and benefits. Business Development Manager ( New Business )  Proven B2B sales track record within an IT environment.  Proven track record of consistently achieving targets.  Able to work on several different levels with customers including executive management where necessary.  Excellent communications skills, both orally and written.  Having a good grasp of the IT industry and the business of our customers.  Computer literate.  Sound problem solving skills: a creative approach with the ability to develop new ideas.  Experience of providing a responsive, customer focused service.  Exceptional time management skills and the ability to prioritise.  Ability to produce work to a consistently high standard within tight deadlines.  Capability to work independently and as part of a team. If you are interested in this position call Shaz on **** **** **** or email your CV to smalikchase.ie This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NEWCAREERBusinessDevelopmentManagerDatacentreDesignNecessary_job****	London South East	South East London		permanent	Chase Resourcing Ltd	Other/General Jobs	From 35,000 to 40,000 per annum Uncapped Commission + Pension + Priv	37500	totaljobs.com	0
212459	72230677	Accounts Manager	Large Automotive organisation with offices across the UK is seeking to recruit an experienced Accounts Manager to join their growing team. The purpose of this role is to ensure the optimum efficiency and profitability of the organisation and to ensure the smooth running of the Finance team. Key responsibilities will include managing the credit control and finance teams, providing month and year end reports, managing the cashier banking functions and liaising with Senior Management as and when required. Experience is more important that qualifications for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsManager_job****	Kent South East	Kent		permanent	Gerrard White	Accounting & Finance Jobs	32000 to 37000 per annum	34500	totaljobs.com	0
195104	71798021	Chemistry Teacher	Chemistry teacher position available at excellent school in Central London from September 2013 If you’re a Chemistry teacher seeking a challenge, and you would like to work in an academically strong, Central London School, we want to hear from you. If you’re currently undertaking a PGCE in Science leading in Chemistry and you want your first job as a Chemistry Teacher to be in a large Inner London secondary school, get in touch today. Chemistry teacher for “good” (OFSTED) school Main or Upper Pay Scale – Inner London Central London Location – London Borough of Southwark Required for a September 2013 Fantastic support from an exceptional Science team This school is seeking a Chemistry Teacher to join their successful science department on a permanent contract from September 2013. In this role, you will be joining a science team that is approachable, skilful and hard working, and regularly achieves some outstanding GCSE results on a consistent basis. The labs offer advanced facilities for both teacher and students. Across the Biology, Chemistry and Physics curriculum the Science department as a whole offers great opportunity for progression and development. The successful candidate will be an accomplished Chemistry teacher (experienced or outstanding NQT) with a desire and expertise for engaging and inspiring their students within Chemistry lessons. Both Science NQTs and more experienced teachers are welcome to apply for this position of Chemistry teacher at this wonderful Central London School. If this sounds like the opportunity for you Email a CV and covering letter to Grant at Edustaff for immediate consideration	London	London	full_time	permanent	Edustaff	Teaching Jobs	From 27,000 to 45,000 per year + Main or Upper Pay Scale - Inner London	36000	jobsineducation.co.uk	0
193507	71768460	Library Assistant (Temporary)	****5hours per week. Location: Saltcoats Library. To assist in providing an efficient and effective service to the users of North Ayrshire Libraries. Vetting by Disclosure Scotland. What will you do? Recording loans and other transactions through the computerised Library Management System, dealing with readers enquiries. Managing computer use through the computerised booking system and assisting the public in the use of computers. What do you need to bring to the Role? 3 O Levels, Standard Grades or equivalent. Computer skills. Communication, customer service and interpersonal skills. North Ayrshire Council Competency Framework North Ayrshire Council uses a Competency Framework throughout the recruitment process. The competencies that will be explored for this vacancy are:  Change  Customer Focus  Communication This post is considered Regulated Work with Children, under the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act, **** Therefore, it is an offence to apply if you are barred from working with children. Preferred candidates will be required to join the PVG Scheme, or undergo a PVG Scheme Update check, prior to a formal offer of employment being made by North Ayrshire Council. Please note: Successful candidates will be expected to meet the cost of the relevant PVG check (**** or ****), which will be deducted from your wages following the commencement of employment. For further information on the PVG Scheme please visit Further information on the competencies and how to complete competency based application form questions is available on the Council's website.	Saltcoats	Saltcoats	full_time		North Ayrshire Council.	Other/General Jobs	8.31 - 9.10 per hour	16713	Jobcentre Plus	0
23662	67446706	janitor  daytime	Will be cleaning and checking of male toilets. Duties also to include hoovering and will involve using a wet pickup. 37 hours per week, 8.30am4pm, MondayFriday. To apply contact Nicola Knott on ****	Manchester	Manchester	full_time		Always Cleaning	Maintenance Jobs	6.75 per hour	12960	Jobcentre Plus	0
34665	68218490	Manufacturing Toolmaker	A leading Medical Device company based in Oxfordshire is looking for the next Toolmaker to join their team to assist with the manufacturing team across the site in line with a continued period of growth. The responsibilities of the Toolmaker are as follows:  Management and updates of database  Managing the PPM schedules in line with customer expectations  Development, manufacture and maintenance of appropriate tooling  Effective fault diagnostics and management whilst encouraging a continuous improvement ethos across the site To fulfil these requirements for the toolmaker you must have the following skills/experience:  Educated to HNC level/equivalent experience  Strong manufacturing background  Experience with plastic injection tool design and manufacture  Use of Fault finding and diagnostics would be an advantage  Excellent communication and presentation skills The successful Toolmaker will receive a competitive salary and have the chance to work in a very reputable and rapidly growing company within the medical device industry. To Apply Please forward your most uptodate CV together with salary details quoting ref ****/TG or by calling Tom Gorton on (Apply online only). JAM Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position	Oxfordshire	Oxfordshire		permanent	JAM Recruitment Ltd	Engineering Jobs	29000 - 29500/annum benefits	29250	cv-library.co.uk	0
184051	71635571	Architect ( Database / Linux / Networks )	As a Solutions Architect you will design, document and deliver current projects, as well as starting up new projects as requested by the business. You will provide ongoing operations support to the preproduction / production environments and perform a customer interface and communication role between development / QA teams and the various business units. You ll be expected to document processes, projects, tools, standards and techniques and gather requirements, provide design and implement solutions which align with the defined standards. You will be managing a complex environment, comprising of Linux, Solaris, VMware and you should be familiar with change management guidelines and principles. You may be required to provide additional backup and support for other staff members as requested by your manager. The skills  **** plus years in System/Network/DB Architecture, design and implementation  Proficiency in Linux OS (Redhat)  Proficiency in Yum / Satellite and RPM  Proficiency in scripting/programming (perl/shells/sql)  Proficiency in standard web/application platforms (Apache/JBOSS/Tomcat)  Proficiency in vitalisation software (i.e. VMWARE)  Experience in a complex data centre environment If your skills and experience meet with any of our client   s requirements and/or needs, we will provide our clients with your full details so that they can consider whether you may be suitable for the vacancy advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in conjunction with this vacancy. If you require any further information, please contact Ryan Quinn at VanRath IT on **** **** ****	Belfast	Belfast	full_time	permanent	VanRath IT	IT Jobs	60000 - 70000	65000	nijobs.com	1
13932	66664060	Donor Appeals Manager	Donor Appeals Manager ****  **** Full time/ permanent In this role you will be responsible for all fundraising activities from individual donors giving through to oneoff payment methods. You will also develop legacy giving, recruit new cash givers and develop and maintain existing and new relationships with cash donors, Guardians and midlevel givers. As a fundraising professional you will have significant expertise in individual supporter fundraising through direct marking including both supporter recruitment and development. You will also evidence a good understanding of major giving and legacies. Interviews **** th/7th February 2013 Please note formal applications for this post are by way of CV and Supporting Statement. To request a job pack, please send a copy of your CV to recruitmentnfpresourcing.co.uk in the first instance. All formal applications must be received by closing date: 28th January 2013 at 10am Please note that CVs will be sent to the client on an ongoing basis so the sooner your formal application with Supporting Statement is received the better.	South East	South East London	full_time	permanent	NFP Resourcing	Charity & Voluntary Jobs	36,000 - 38,500	37250	Third Sector Jobs	0
110280	69670139	NET Support Developer	About the role As the Support Developer you will be working in a team of 10. The software solution used within the Platform Solutions division is written in VB.NET **** using ASP.NET which fronts a SQL Server 2008 database Back End. It is highly configurable for each client via a VB like Scripting language and provides custom written tools to manage all aspects of this. This role will initially involve understanding the code base of the system and getting to grips with the configurability of the solution. Ongoing tasks will include the enhancement of configuration to meet initial and ongoing Client requirements, as well as investigation of coding issues within either the core system or configuration. Applicants will also be helping with all aspects of integrating the software with other tools in the company. This will provide exposure to many different technologies. The Ideal Candidate The ideal candidate is highly analytical with 25 years experience in a VB.NET support/development role within the financial services industry. While VB.NET is preferred, other technology experience will also be considered as long as the core software development traits are strong enough. In such a case, training will be provided. Experience of: VB.NET development (willing to train candidates with related technology experience) Microsoft SQL server 2005 or later OO development XML/XSLT/XSD Source control systems Useful additional skills: IIS administration Design patterns Configuration Management Service Oriented Architecture OCR Test driven development Workflow concepts Knowledge of Java/C Experience in the wealth management or financial domains Degree level education or equivalent Experience in Object Oriented development techniques including full integration with relational databases Good team worker Effective communicator both verbal and written. Able to work on own initiative Able to work to tight deadlines Able to prioritize and multitask Who we are International Financial Data Services (IFDS) is the leading supplier of thirdparty administration and IT services to European investment clients and their customers. Part of a global group and a joint venture between State Street Corporation and DST Systems, our business has grown tenfold since inception in **** and continues with rapid growth today We currently offer state of the art solutions across funds, retirement insurance and investment platforms. We employ over **** staff across the UK, Ireland, Luxembourg, Thailand and Mumbai.	Essex,Basildon	UK		permanent	Jobsite Jobs	IT Jobs	35000.00 - 55000.00 GBP Annual	45000	jobsite.co.uk	1
47727	68580407	SQL Server Master / reference Data Project Manager	Reference Data SQL Server Master Data Management Project Manager/ Business Analyst Banking London ****k I have an immediate opportunity for a project manager/ business analyst with a strong background within CADIS or a similar master data/ reference data system, with strong SQL Server knowledge within a banking institution This is an opportunity to join an investment banks with the largest custodian system inEuropeclearing $**** trillion worth of assets through their clearing and custody system for their clients This is a permanent role, based inLondonwith a salary of **** **** plus strong bonuses. As the Reference Data SQL Server Master Data Management Project Manager/ Business Analyst You will be the BA/PMO reporting to the CADIS IT manager. The role will consist of a mixture of PMO and BA skills, with potentially some project management involved. As a major part of this role is business facing, there will also be an element of relationship management. Technical development skills around CADIS or a similar master data/ reference data system within a banking institution will also be very beneficial This role will cover Project planning Project status reports Resource management Management of the developers and testers work delivery to ensure successful project 3rd line support as requited Requirements Background within project management/ business analysis/ development or support will be considered, as long as you come with the drive and ambition to be developed as a project manager/ business analyst Knowledge of CADIS or a similar master data/ reference data system within a banking institution essential Lotus notes knowledge CADIS MY SQL SQL Server 2005/ SQL Server 2008 Windows/ Linux M Queue, or Control M essential I am short listing for this role this week so please apply ASAP.	Greater London, Central London	London			Huxley Associates	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
11264	66536306	Customer Service Worker and Building Administrator	Hebden Bridge Community Association are pleased to be currently recruiting for a number of posts to support our fantastic Town Hall development in the heart of Hebden Bridge. Customer Service Worker and Building Administrator Hours of work: 20 hours per week, mornings over 5 days per week, 8.30am start, although some evening and weekend work will be required. Salary: **** per annum pro rata (20/**** FTE) Details of all posts and how to apply are available on our website, www.hebdenbridgetownhall.org.uk Information on how to apply is available in the document ‘How to apply all posts’, applications must be made on the application form clearly stating which post you are applying for. CV’s will not be accepted. Information on the roles and responsibilities and essential and desirable application criteria is available in the accompanying Job Description and Person Specification for each post. Closing date for all applications is Tuesday **** nd January 2013 at 5pm Interviews for all posts will be held the week beginning **** th January 2013	Hebden Bridge	Hebden Bridge	part_time		Hebden Bridge Community Association	Admin Jobs	8.03 per hour 2.5% of gross salary paid by employer to stakeholder pension, increased to 5% of gross salary when matched by employee contributions.	15417	Jobcentre Plus	0
195621	71801453	Headteacher  Benarty Primary School	Work Location: Benarty Primary School, Lochore Duration: Temporary for 23 months Salary: **** (subject to jobsizing) Secondment Opportunity Our vision, in Fife Education Service, is “Excellence for All” and we believe all children should be encouraged to maximize their potential. We work hard to meet the varying needs of all our learners. The Education Service is the third largest in Scotland providing for over 55,500 children and young people. Before confirming appointment, you will be required to obtain PVG Scheme Membership through Disclosure Scotland. You will be required to name two referees on the application form. However, it is your responsibility to ensure that two open references are submitted from the named referees. These should be forwarded to education.recruitmentfife.gov.uk no later than 8 February 2013 , to ensure your application will be taken into consideration. For a full Job Profile and Person Specification please view website Please note that you must apply online for this position. If you require to have an application form made available in other formats please email Fc.recruitmentfife.gov.uk	Lochgelly	Lochgelly	full_time		Fife Council	Teaching Jobs	57,528.00 per year	57528	Jobcentre Plus	1
192067	71753340	CUSTOMER SERVICE	Job Title Customer Service Apprentice ship Training Location SE15 Salary N/A Job type Paid Apprenticeship under a government funded basis. Contact Jeff Clottey Brief Job Description Springboard Southwark is currently recruiting f o r Customer Service Apprenticeship Training. Earn while you learn , gain a recognis ed NVQ L**** qualification, gain experience in a working environment, start building your career and your CV. We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who is eager to lea rn and gain experience within a Customer Service based environment . You will need to be able to politely meet and greet, have some ICT skills, good telephone manner , good customer service skills . Experience is not necessary as you will be trained, guided and encouraged within this role. You wi ll be supporting the office administration , retail and service sector framework, work ing facetoface with customers in a positive, reliabl e and pleasant environment , assisting and t a k ing ins t ructions. Send CV to Contact Jeff on **** between 8.30am to 4.30pm Monday to Wednesday	LONDON	London	full_time		Springboard Southwark	Customer Services Jobs	2.65 per hour	5088	Jobcentre Plus	0
158369	71130817	Global Mobility Advisor  Costa Rica	The Background: An excellent inhouse opportunity has just arisen within this Global Mobility department. Working as a Global Mobility Consultant, you will be responsible for supporting the team with coordinating global assignments. The Role: The responsibilities of a Global Mobility Consultant include but are not limited to the following: Support operational management of all international assignments based on existing policies, procedures and guidelines. Advise Human Resource Business Partners on general global mobility policy and initial learning experiences. Assist the Global Mobility Managers in the execution of operation management duties in the development and execution of communication tasks Support the preparation of international assignment letters for international assignees. Manage input of data and output of reports from global mobility database and SAP. Provide vendors with data to handle global payroll. Assist Global Mobility Managers in project related work. Develop communication material and maintain postings of global mobility information on Global Mobility intranet site. Data collection cycles associated with compensation and benefits surveys Benefits renewal activities and vendor management Contribute to international mobility activities Communication with regional HR teams Support on communication to regional HR teams on implications of globally managed deferred compensation / incentives plan activities including plan settlements and grants The Person: The successful candidate for the role of Global Mobility Consultant will have: Strong client and quality orientation Strong Analytical skills high detail orientation Proactive working style, highly reliable, not hesitating to take ownership Openminded and able to deal with different cultures Good interpersonal and communication skills Team Player	North America	UK			JAM Recruitment Ltd	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
139162	70475630	Care Manager  Community  Birmingham	Community Care Manager  West Midlands  up to **** You an enthusiastic Care Manager looking to become part of a community or domiciliary team, in the West Midlands. Your role will be home based and also in the field managing a regional team of ****  **** carers. Our client is as a leading UK provider of community based care for adults and children with complex needs. Hard work will be rewarded with a competitive salary and the opportunity to progress both personally and professionally. You will be responsible for: • playing a role in the continuous development of the company • providing expertise on all clinical issues to a team of nurses that you will be in charge of in the region • maintaining high standards of service delivery, in accordance with CQC, NMC and other professional bodies • ensuring a high level of customer / client satisfaction through excellent communication, troubleshooting, pro actively managing expectations and creating solutions for clients You should be / have: • Management qualification advantageous • Innovative and keen to develop professionally. • health care background, with a passion for clinical excellence • community experience is desirable but not essential. • able to demonstrate excellent communication and organisational skills For any more information or you wish to discuss the position in further details please call James **** **** **** or alternatively you can send your CV to j.reidliquidpersonnel.com	Birmingham	Birmingham	full_time		Liquid Personnel Ltd	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	20,000 - 24,000/Year	22000	staffnurse.com	0
161933	71197957	Solution Architect	Solution Architect Truly amazing opportunity to join an established, market leading company Location: South West (Office/field based, covering South East UK) Package: Negotiable on experience We are urgently seeking a very strong, hands on Solution Architect to join an experienced, ever growing team on a permanent basis. This is the ideal role for an IT professional with exceptional skills in Microsoft technologies to join an accredited, ambitious company offering a fun, lively yet professional working environment.  Stong Sharepoint background is absolutely essential for this role Key Duties/Responsibilities: Driving the technical delivery of our clients software SharePoint Experience Microsoft technologies, Visual Studio, .NET Framework, SQL Server, C, XML/XSL, HTML, IIS, operating systems, TFS Leading the technical architecture and design of solution features based on client expectations, business Requirements, technology and budget constraints Producing technical build plan and task assignment during development phase Managing the development team during the project on a daily basis Identifying and mitigating risks, contingency plans and contributing to the risk management process Assisting customers with validation of their test specifications To be considered, you must have: The ability to work with enterprise level stakeholders and subject matter experts Ability to plan and run interactive client workshops to discover business requirements Strong customerservice orientation and excellent written and oral communication skills. The ability to communicate ideas in both technical and userfriendly language with keen To provide technical Mentoring and solution architectural guidance 50% of your role will be spent visiting their customers sites throughout the South East. There is the possibility that you will also be required to travel UK wide Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.	Hampshire	Hampshire		permanent	Spring Technology 	IT Jobs	50000.00 - 65000.00 pa + plus benefits	57500	jobsite.co.uk	1
164839	71278330	Estate Agent Assistant Branch Manager  Hornchurch Estate Agents	Estate Agent Assistant Branch Manager  Hornchurch Estate Agents Are you an Estate Agent Assistant Manager / Sales Manager with a proven track record in Residential Property Sales and Listings? Alternatively, are you currently working in Estate Agency as a Senior Negotiator / Lister and looking for your next move within your Estate Agency career? This is an exciting opportunity for Top Class Estate Agents to develop their career with an established, forward thinking independent Estate Agency who are now looking to expand on their existing talent of Estate Agents and are now searching for an experienced Estate Agent to take up the position as Assistant Branch Manager for their Hornchurch office in Essex. Estate Agent Assistant Branch Manager  Hornchurch Estate Agents You will have the necessary attributes to be a champion of Residential Property Sales and Listings in your area. You should have a successful track record in Estate Agency and must genuinely like people and enjoy dealing with them in a business context and believe passionately in delivering a superior customer service. You will need drive and determination to succeed in winning business and creating opportunity. Estate Agent Assistant Branch Manager  Hornchurch Estate Agents Key objectives:  Generate potential valuation appointments  Listing and selling properties together with ancillary services  Followup business leads  Achieve minimum levels of business targets Estate Agent Assistant Branch Manager  Hornchurch Estate Agents Experience / Qualifications:  2 years plus experience in the Estate Agency industry  Previous listing experience, preferably within the area Estate Agent Assistant Branch Manager  Hornchurch Estate Agents Remuneration: Basic salary to **** with on target earnings of ****  ****  company car. Kings Permanent Recruitment for Estate Agents is a specialist Estate Agency recruitment service, dealing with the placement of Estate Agents & Letting Agents into permanent positions within the Residential Property sector. Our additional areas of expertise include Property Management and CeMap qualified Estate Agency Financial Services Consultants/Mortgage Advisors. Visit Kings Permanent Recruitment website at www.kingspermanentrecruitment.co.uk for online Estate Agency vacancies. Telephone Steve King in the strictest confidence on **** **** or **** ****	Hornchurch, Essex	Hornchurch			Kings Permanent Recruitment	Property Jobs	From 18,000 to 40,000 per annum Basic salary to 18,000.	29000	propertyjobs.co.uk	0
83794	69059449	Commercial Property Partner	Commercial Property Partner, Newcastle upon Tyne Partnerlevel appointment for an experienced Commercial Property Lawyer to expand the Newcastle arm of this established Legal **** law firm. This firm boasts an excellent reputation in undertaking a broad array of commercial property acquisitions and disposals of large investment properties, retail developments, residential portfolios, landlord and tenant and agricultural property. With a strong commercial background gained in the Newcastle market, you will have extensive experience and a reputation to endorse this. You will be actively involved in all aspects of business development and will utilise your existing client contacts. The ideal individual will be a Commercial Property partner currently working for another North East commercial law firm. However, applications may be considered from senior level solicitors provided they have extensive commercial property and business development experience. This is a strategic appointment as part of the firm`s overall plan to further develop their Newcastle presence. They are offering a highly competitive remuneration package coupled with a high level of autonomy and an enviable work/life balance. In accordance with The Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses (Amendment) Regulations ****010, G2 Legal Limited acts as an employment agency and employment business for the supply of permanent and temporary staff.	Newcastle upon Tyne	Newcastle Upon Tyne		permanent	G2 Legal	Legal Jobs	50000 to 70000 per annum	60000	legalweekjobs.com	1
42786	68449627	Nursery Nurses	Bright Horizons is currently recruiting for 2 Nursery Nurses to join its fantastic Morton Mains Nursery. Our Morton Mains Nursery is located in Edingurgh offering full day care for up to 75 children from 3 months to 5 years. The roles are based in the ****'s and ****'s rooms. To be considered for these positions you will need to hold a SVQ level 3 or HNC. As a Nursery Nurse working for Bright Horizons you can expect a competitive rate of pay, excellent rewards and recognition, and a nurturing and fulfilling career. Our Culture • Proud to be recognised as a Great Place to Work every year since **** • Also in 20****2 recognised as number 4 on the Top 25 Best Workplaces in Scotland list for the second consecutive year. • Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents GOLD award winner • Child protection training delivered to EVERY member of the Nursery Team • Excellence is rewarded: daily, weekly, monthly, and annually: as individuals and as a Team • We offer every member of staff a ‘World Class Welcome’ • Accredited as Investors in Diversity – you can bring your whole self to work • Communication is at the HEART of all we do – just one of our HEART principles • Regular **** 2 1’s, support, and supervision to help your career flourish • Family friendly flexible working • The Bright Horizons Foundation for Children: Supporting children in the communities where we live and work Our expectations As a Nursery Nurse you are a key member of the nursery team responsible for delivering high quality care and learning opportunities for children, based on the needs and interests of those children. Some of your duties will be: • Promote positive relationships with parents, children and colleagues • Ensure health, safety and wellbeing of the children • Support the children’s development, learning and play • Be a key person carrying out all related responsibilities in building relationships with a small group of children and their families according to the Pre Birth to Three and the Curriculum for Excellence Your share of the profits • Above industry average salary • Employee assistance program • Free uniform • Generous paid time off for sickness • Annual awards of excellence • Employee appreciation month • Going for Gold program • Childcare discount • High Street discounts • Teamworks loyalty scheme • Succession planning and excellent career opportunities • **** mandatory training courses • Time off for dependents • Volunteering policy • Member of Employers for Carers To find out more why so many people choose to join the Bright Horizons family and for a full list of nationwide vacancies please go to our website.	Edinburgh	Edinburgh	full_time		Bright Horizons	Teaching Jobs	7.05 - 7.10 per hour	13584	Jobcentre Plus	0
116762	69794084	JUNIOR TELEMARKETER / JUNIOR TELESALES / IT SALES	JUNIOR TELEMARKETER / TELESALES  BASED IN LEATHERHEAD, SURREY ****K BASE SALARY  COMMISSION PENSION  PRIVATE HEALTH CARE Cornucopia are currently working with an exceptional, award winning systems integrator, based in Leatherhead, Surrey. Privately owned and now in their 19th year of trading they have an impressive offering and are growing well in various areas of the business. Currently they are looking to grow their marketing and telesales team and as such a new role has been created for a junior telesales executive The Role Working with marketing team in a junior telesales role you will be involved in all areas of lead generation and database cleansing. Along with new business opportunities you will be involved in following up on specific marketing campaigns and relevant prospect generation. You will be trained in all areas of the business and will be expected to book meetings and webinars whilst continually looking for new opportunities The Person You will have excellent written and verbal communication skills and be tenacious and passionate about technology. Keen to succeed and start your career in IT sales. The Package ****k base  commission  benefits (pension, private health cover) dependent on skills and experience	Leatherhead	Leatherhead		permanent		IT Jobs	0 - 15,000 per year	7500	theitjobboard.co.uk	0
80655	69023058	Marketing Coordinator	Title: Marketing Coordinator Salary:  **** Requiring a Marketing Coordinator to work for one of the UK s largest Manufacturer. This is a career opporrtunity for someone to make their next step within the Marketing profession and join a well established team and organisation Responsibilities: Providing administrative support to the Marketing Department and Sales Team Managing, creating, and the development of all projects Creation of marketing material Design of company s internet web pages Using media for opportunities to explore marketing prospects. The ideal candidate needs a highly creative, motivated and flexible person with a strong work ethic. The ability to multi task and prioritise your workload whilst thinking about the interests of the business is essential. Technical understanding and graphical expertise would be an advantage. Working knowledge of design software (ideally Photoshop, Illustrator, Quark Xpress/InDesign, Dreamweaver, Acrobat and Flash). A Proficient user in Powerpoint, Word and Excel. Bisley, Woking Huntress Group does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role	Woking, Surrey	Woking		permanent	Huntress Group	PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	25000/annum	25000	cv-library.co.uk	0
195354	71799339	Security Analyst Jobs In Scotland	This Security Analyst role requires someone with a sound and logical approach to working on IT security issues across divisions of this enterprise organization. We don't need an expert in everything, but a strong understanding of the concepts behind various technologies is essential. We are looking for someone with: BSc with Honours in Computer Science (or similar), or ICT infrastructure support experience evidenced. CISSP, SSCP, CEH, CFHI , CCSP, GIAC. Certified in ITIL V**** or experience operating within a formal changecontrolled environment. Experience in an ICT infrastructure operations capacity (UNIX, Windows, LAN/WAN, IDS/IPS, firewalls, web servers, etc), ideally within financial services environment. Indepth understanding of IT Security concepts (threats, vulnerabilities, countermeasures, risk management etc) Excellent knowledge of current IT security standards. A proven track record of analysis of requirements and implementing solutions to security requirements. Experience in developing and/or reviewing ICT technical documentation. Knowledge of IT security technologies such as: Cryptography Security and Information Management Systems (SIEM) Identity and access management systems (IAM) Single and multi factor authentication systems Firewalls Network access control systems Web and email security systems Antivirus systems Intrusion detection and prevention systems Vulnerability assessment and management systems Change and configuration assessment systems	Glasgow	Glasgow		permanent	Eden Scott	IT Jobs	Up to 35,000 Annual	35000	jobsinscotland.com	0
34217	68206466	Senior Manager  Audit and Accounts	Senior Audit and Accounts nbsp;Manager  Cambridgeshire c pound;****K  pound;****K nbsp;package Opportunity for qualified ACA / ACCA with an Independent nbsp;firm. Prospects for progression to Partner level do exist for the right candidate as part of a long term succession plan. In summary the role is as follows: nbsp; Manage audits, including undertaking fieldwork and then reporting directly to a partner Develop relationships with clients to support the practice/client relationship Provide ideas for practice development and for improving the quality of audits including assisting with training other audit staff In addition to audits, providing full accountancy services to a range of clients, particularly in the OMB sector. Basic personal and corporate tax knowledge required. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate an expertise in auditing, be knowledgeable in company regulation, and in providing a full range of business services. nbsp; nbsp; Requirements Being ACA / ACCA qualified is essential with a Public Practice background and nbsp;experience dealing with owner managed businesses. Must have a combination of nbsp;audit, accountancy and basic tax compliance experience and the ability to manage clients and junior staff. nbsp; Must be driven and interested nbsp;in being involved with the development of the Practice nbsp;The successful applicant will be nbsp;looking for long term nbsp;career progression. The firm will only consider candidates who are currently working in Public Practice and dealing with the audit requirements for Owner Managed Businesses, so please bear this in mind when applying. The successful applicant will be ambitious and is perhaps currently working in a firm where there are no prospects for progression. Due to the high number of applications we are receiving currently, we can nbsp;only contact candidates who satisfy the selection criteria and have been shortlisted. Please also bear this in mind when applying.	Cambridgeshire	Cambridgeshire		permanent	Wavelength   Public Practice Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	40K to 45K package	42500	accountancyagejobs.com	0
195526	71800496	ICU Liver Staff Nurse NHS  London  London	ICU Liver Staff Nurse NHS  London ****  **** HCL Permanent is working in conjunction with a leading NHS trust in London to recruit experienced Staff Nurses to work in their ICU Liver department. An internationally teaching hospital and renowned for clinical excellence, this hospital provides an exciting challenge for enthusiastic ICU Nurses looking to excel in their career and specialise in Liver ICU. General Responsibilities: . Provide a high quality service of nursing . Deputising for Senior Staff Nurse in their absence . Asses, plan and deliver high standards of critical care nursing . Supervise and direct junior staff . Assist medical staff in performing clinical procedures . Plan discharges from admissions, liaising with the multidisciplinary team, other departments and community services as necessary Requirements: . Eligible for NMC registration/registered . Significant experience in ICU / Liver ICU . Relevant courses/training in ICU Benefits: . 27 days holiday per year, including bank / public holidays . Hospital accommodation available . A standard working week of **** hours . Eligibility to join the NHS Pension Scheme . Access to occupational health services . Good pay progression based on application of knowledge and skills To apply for this position please forward your CV to apply.a****lfw****l****x****i N/A or contact Aaron Smith on N/A EXT ****	City of London - London	The City	full_time	permanent	London4Jobs	Other/General Jobs	25418-33150	29284	london4jobs.co.uk	0
26031	67785163	SENIOR PROCUREMENT – STAFF POSITION – LONDON	SENIOR PROCUREMENT STAFF POSITION LONDON SENIOR PROCUREMENT STAFF POSITION LONDON SENIOR PROCUREMENT STAFF POSITION LONDON This is a BRILLIANT opportunity to work on the BUYING / PROCUREMENT of various types of Equipment Services for the OIL GAS INDUSTRY TO APPLY, Send in a CV NOW. You should have already worked, successfully, on PROCUREMENT of appropriate O G Equipment Y ou should also ensure that you have the necessary permission to work legally in the UK / LONDON, BEFORE APPLYING JOB TITLE: SENIOR PROCUREMENT STAFF POSITION LONDON Location: LONDON, ENGLAND Reference: Ref: CARLTON 81702013 Reward: ****pa  ****pa  Package of Bens (STAFF SALARY) Duration: STAFF / PERMANENT (maybe CONTRACT START) PLEASE PASS A COPY OF THIS ADVERT to any friends / colleagues who you feel may have the necessary experience, if it s not one for you. C ontact CARLTON HILL at WOODLAND for the full details and to start the application process moving. PHONE ME if you would like to DISCUSS IT Numbers are on the site (NO CV ready?? Then call me to discuss that too.) Please quote REF: CARLTON81702013 when calling. If you aren t already registered, feel free to in your CV BEFORE you call. CVs should be in DOT.DOC / WORD format, and as it says above, you should also ensure that you have the necessary permission to work legally in the UK, BEFORE APPLYING. For obvious reasons, the Client CANNOT employ anyone without the necessary permission to work legally in the UK DO IT NOW Send in a CV NOW.	London, England	London		permanent		Engineering Jobs	42,000pa - 52,000pa + Package of Bens (STAFF SALARY)	47000	jobs.telegraph.co.uk	1
126637	69997398	Business Development Manager  Retail IT Solutions	Our client is a truly worldclass company providing integrated IT business applications to retail industries European wide. They have an enviable track record of providing cuttingedge supply chain technologies to the retail space encompassing everything from EPOS through to distribution. The Role: The role is a face to face, field sales role, selling the full range of products and solutions into the retail industry. It is a new business focused role. Key tasks/ responsibilities: Meet and exceed agreed sales and gross margin targets consistently. Generate new business and grow pipeline Confidence in negotiating and closing sales. Manage, develop and maintain sales plans and processes within designated area of responsibility. Weekly and monthly reporting of sales forecasts. Keep up to date with products and services. Provide all necessary information to the marketing department. Experience required: Proven sales record ideally selling into retail History of winning new business and building a pipeline selling to SME’s or ideally large corporate companies. Experienced in delivering presentations to all levels. Ideally experience in selling IT/ Tech solution or has some kind of technical background however not a necessity. Must have Full UK driving licence. On offer is ****k  ****k Basic OTE ****k with excellent benefits. Car (PCP) Laptop – Mobile This is an excellent opportunity to join an global brand and market leader If you’re interested please call Grant on **** **** **** or email: grantreubensinclair.com for a confidential discussion as interviews are commencing immediately This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerRetailITSolutions_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		permanent	Reuben Sinclair	Sales Jobs	From 30,000 to 45,000 per annum + 80,000 OTE + Car + Benefits	37500	totaljobs.com	0
191198	71749569	Customer Service Advisor	The hours of work will be: **** to ********0 Monday to Friday and some Saturdays (not all ) from 9.00am to 1pm It is for specific campaign around fuel poverty and Fuel switching  full training will be provided Some outbound calling may be required  but its more inbound The role is about taking calls and registering interest on the system and selling the benefits The campaign is estimated to start w/c ****h Feb and will last approx. ****to 6 weeks. Call centre skill would be good and helpful Someone who is good on the phone and is passionate about customer services Someone who is flexible would be advantageous also Job Summary 1. Deliver an agreed level of customer service that reflects the vision, values, aims and objectives of the client 2. Maintain up to date knowledge of services and ICT developments to ensure that customer service is delivered in accordance with service standards and a professional image is presented to customers **** Handle both inbound and outbound contacts with customers and colleagues in other sections and departments, including carrying out customer surveys. **** Respect the confidential and sensitive nature of customer enquiries and handle difficult or potentially aggressive situations appropriately Candidate Profile 1. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 2. Good keyboard skills 3. Ability to input information accurately into online systems 4. Communicate effectively, both verbally and written, demonstrating empathy with customers and colleagues 5. Uses own initiative to take action to achieve goals beyond what is necessarily called for. 6. Adaptability  maintains effectiveness through changes, can motivate others, shares tasks and responsibilities. **** Sets own high standards of performance **** Working within a Customer Service focussed organisation	Warwickshire	Warwickshire		contract	European Solution Limited	Customer Services Jobs	8/hour	15360	cv-library.co.uk	0
39172	68347214	Data Analyst (Enterprise IT)	I am currently seeking a Data Analyst to work in a newly formed Enterprise IT team supporting services covered within a select area of products working to analyse data provided and support customers. The main functions of a Data Analyst is to work at a level of analysis to answer what does this mean on data and support any enquires the customer may have with data received. This excellent opportunity will be joining a newly formed team with great prospects as this newly team is developing and growing. Duties will include but will not be limited to:  Create analysis reports once a month  Write research updates and press releases  Respond to and manage enquiries from clients  Attend Customerfacing presentations and events  Actively participate in industry analyst events  Work with the Market Sizing Analyst in creating the market data  Work with the Sales and Account Management Team to support sales and renewal activities Skills required  Strong computer skills  Advanced Excel PowerPoint skills  Excellent facetoface, telephone and email communication skills  Excellent English writing grammar Should you find the above opportunity of interest and have the skills required please apply today. If you would like more detail on this role please email ctprojectit.co.uk or call **** Please note all applicants must be already authorised to work in the UK before applying.	Putney	Putney		permanent	Project IT Resource Ltd	IT Jobs	Up to 35,000	35000	jobsite.co.uk	0
82260	69038983	SharePoint Consultant, West Midlands, Microsoft Gold Partner	SharePoint Consultant / Developer, East Midlands, ****  ****k, Excellent Training Opportunity’s. Company Microsoft SharePoint Consultant, East Midlands,****  ****k, excellent training opportunity, great benefits including BUPA health care, home working, paid Microsoft Certifications. My Microsoft SharePoint client is actively looking for a new experienced Microsoft SharePoint Consultant; this is an opportunity for a SharePoint consultant to be involved in a very experienced team and to work on new projects in the East Midlands Area. This opportunity will provide the perspective candidate the chance to work on some large **** man day SharePoint 2010 and 2013 projects. My client is a Microsoft Gold Partner and has won many other awards in the Microsoft field and therefore you will be required to work on client site or working remote from Home. Responsibilities: You will be required to develop high quality architectural/functional design and specification documents based on client requirements. You will also be asked to provide accurate estimates to clients and planning support. You must have experience in the following to be considered 3 years Microsoft SharePoint **** 2010  including configuring, reporting, deploying testing and documenting. 24 months  development experience in C.NET development v **** – **** Excellent communication skills and written skills are essential. Microsoft Certifications are desirable but not essential MCTS OR MCPD Candidate As the successful candidate, you will need to be an experienced consultant with Microsoft SharePoint ability. You will be provided to work on client site and hit the ground running at this Microsoft Gold Partner. This is a very rare opportunity only for experienced developer or consultant, please only apply if you are looking to enhance you career and maximise your personal development. Key Words: Microsoft SharePoint / MS SharePoint / Microsoft Share Point / MOSS / SharePoint 2010/ WSS / C / .NET/ Consultant / Senior Consultant/ Developer / Senior Developer / Engineer / London / East Midlands / West Midlands / Birmingham / Northampton / Northamptonshire / Solihull / Coventry/ Milton Keynes. Due to the nature of this role you MUST be able to live and work in the UK by either holding a valid working visa or be eligible to do so by other qualifying means as my client is unable to sponsor any work permits. View our latest jobs today at www.uksharepointjobs.co.uk / www.mortimerbell.com and follow us on Facebook or Twitter. To be considered for this role, please forward you’re most recent CV and salary expectations to adammortimerbell.com. For immediate consideration call Adam Bell on **** **** **** I am offering **** in gift vouchers for a shop of your choice, for any successful referrals, which leads to a hire. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Stack candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Staffing market I can be contacted on **** **** **** or by email adammortimerbell.com To discuss other exciting Microsoft Business Intelligence, SharePoint, Lync Sage opportunities please visit our website at www.mortimerbell.com / www.uksharepointjobs.co.uk or please send your CV to adammortimerbell.com Mortimer Bell International is one of Europe’s leading Microsoft specialist recruitment agencies concentrating on sourcing Microsoft Stack personnel. We recruit for the majority of Europe’s leading Microsoft Gold partners, ISV’s and end users thus increasing your chance of finding that ideal position. As one of the few agency’s in Europe to be an accredited Microsoft partner we are ideally placed to offer the best and most attractive opportunities to suitable qualified and experienced personnel. Mortimer Bell International is an industry leader in Microsoft recruitment and considered the first choice for sourcing the best and most talented individuals. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SharePointConsultantWestMidlandsMicrosoftGoldPartner_job****	West Midlands	West Midlands		permanent	Mortimer Bell International	IT Jobs	From 40,000 to 55,000 per annum Excellent Benefits.	47500	cwjobs.co.uk	1
205715	72118319	Staff Nurse (RGN) part fulltime	We have permanent full and parttime Registered General Nurse roles at an elderly nursing home in Dursley, Gloucs. Choice of **** / **** / **** hrs a week. **** an hr; **** an hr at weekends. The home is owned by a small private care group. We deal only in permanent RGN / RMN / RNLD roles, at all levels from newlyqualified nurse to home, area and regional manager, across the whole UK. We deal with all the major, minor, and oneoff care and mental health providers. Should you wish us to do so, we can circulate your CV to our clientbase within any given radius of your home postcode; simply advise The hourly rate / annual salary required. How far from home you d travel. Your required role and setting. All personal information is removed from the CV; we come back to you with all and any relevant offers of interview; you then simply advise which would or would not be of interest; there is no obligation. More often than not, this leads to offers of interview; and often where no role is advertised. Would you like us to do so	Dursley, Gloucestershire	Dursley		permanent	Aaron Millar Recruitment	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	13 - 14/hour	25920	cv-library.co.uk	0
55226	68679048	Account Manager (Key Accounts)	ACCOUNT MANAGER / KEY ACCOUNTS Location: Leeds Salary: ****  **** OVERVIEW Working in a dynamic and forward thinking environment, the Key Account Manager is responsible for the effective management of major accounts, handling the sales order process from enquiry through to after sales care. The role involves proactive relationship developing, excellent organisation skills to ensure smooth running of high value accounts, maximising the benefit to the company. DUTIES RESPONSIBILITIES Ensuring the sales process runs smoothly for key accounts, carrying out all related account management tasks Processing orders through online ordering systems, ensuring details are entered accurately Proactively contacting customers to build relationships, developing an understanding of their needs and products required Developing good product knowledge to enhance the service provided to customers Liaising with the production team with any specific requirements, ensuring that the process runs on schedule Managing stock levels and checking stock availability for large orders, liaising with suppliers to order products Handling complaints and resolving order discrepancies, ensuring the customer is dealt with positively Working as part of a team, providing support to other departments, as and when required EXPERIENCE SKILLS Professional with proven B2B account management experience Exceptionally customer focused Can solve problems and handle queries positively Proven experience of working without supervision Excellent organisational skills and ability to prioritise tasks Good written and verbal communication IT Literate with experience of using Microsoft Office and internal databases Ideally educated to Degree level with a minimum of grade C and above in English Maths at GCSE level COMPETENCIES: Relationship Building  Builds and maintains relationships (internally and with key external groups) Customer Focus  The desire to help or serve the customer and committed to continuous improvement of services. Detail Orientated  Able to cope with detailed work, conscious of the need to be accurate with detail Communication  Communicates effectively, listens sensitively, adapts communication to audience and fosters effective communication with others Initiative  Selfstarter, seeks greater responsibility, willing to take ownership, resourceful and persistent. Experience is required for this role and the decision of suitability will be based on the information in your CV. This is a permanent role and Key Appointments (UK) Limited is acting in the capacity of an Employment Agency in connection with this position. At Key Appointments we guarantee to confirm receipt of your application within **** working days. We regretfully are unable to provide specific feedback to all applications. If you have not heard from us within **** working days after your confirmation receipt, your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. We do however wish you luck in your job search and we would be more than happy to consider you for future roles. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerKeyAccounts_job****	Leeds West Yorkshire Yorkshire	Leeds		permanent	Key Appointments UK Ltd	Customer Services Jobs	From 20,000 to 24,000 per annum	22000	totaljobs.com	0
83434	69054867	Mobile Telecare Support Worker Jobs In Scotland	We are currently looking to recruit **** full time and one parttime candidates to undertake the role of Mobile Telecare Support Worker in Edinburgh. All posiitons will be offered on a six month basis initially and there will be an induction and relevant training offered to successful candidates. Purpose of Job To assess, risk assess and review service users, to update individual case notes and deliver case work; signpost to other services; and to ensure equipment effectiveness and comprehensive service delivery.To work as part of a team providing a twentyfour/seven emergency call handling, monitoring, response and crisis support service to the City's most vulnerable people in their own homes.To play a key support role in the prevention of hospital admissions; the prevention of long term care admission; to support packages of care provided by partner agencies; to increase home safety; and to enable and encourage service users to live as independently as possible in their own home. To provide a service that is fully compliant with the Scottish Social Services Council; Telecare Services Association framework; the Local Authorities policies and procedures; and other regulatory bodies as deemed necessary. Knowledge and Skills required:  The ability to be calm, quick thinking and decisive in a crisis. Provide a positive and professional service at all times. Be able to work effectively as part of a team and by themselves. Experience of dealing with the public, especially sick, disabled and older people. Attend and prepare for support and supervision sessions. Fully participate in supporting the Service's endeavours/requirements on achieving and retaining the Telecare Services Association Code of Practice and other relevant Regulatory and Legislative requirements. Be IT literate and use computers as required to complete relevant and necessary administrative records/review forms as directed by management and be open and accepting of changes to format as required by the service to achieve objects and improve delivery. Advanced First Aid Certificate highly desirable Have or be able to work towards SVQ **** in Health and Social Care Be able to work towards a Professional Development Award (PDA) in Telehealthcare Will be subject to a PVG Adults Children check The post holder will be required to sign up to and fully abide by the Scottish Social Services Council (SSSC) Code of Practice. A full car driving licence is required. Applicants must also be willing to insure there car for business use. Successful applicants will be required to undertake training to support them to carry out their duties and in recognition of the continuous change in service users needs; changes to demographics and society; and the development of Telecare equipment and Assistive Technology.Share learning and information with other staff and colleagues. Update knowledge and understanding of medical issues (both mental health and physical health) relating to service users to ensure appropriate engagement and communication methods are in place and where required, refer to relevant specialist services.Be aware of and work within currently legislation relevant to client group, for example, Protection of Vulnerable Adults and Child Protection. The Social Care Community Partership is an Equal Opportunities Employer. For more information and a detailed Job Description and person specification for the role, please contact Steve More.	Edinburgh and Lothians	UK		contract	The Social Care Community Partnership	Social work Jobs	8.57 Per Hour	16454	jobsinscotland.com	0
140502	70576875	General Sales Manager	General Sales Manager The Company Part of a medium sized motor dealer group my Client has a large dealership offering new and used cars from their flagship premises. The business has grown over the last 5 years with the addition of several brands to their portfolio. The company philosophy is to promote from within and this culture offers those that show the right potential a genuine career opportunity. Applicant CV s with achievements and performance against targets will receive priority. The Role. General Sales Manager  reporting to General Manager Job Responsibilities  Managing the car sales drive in line with and exceeding business targets. Motivating and energising the sales team. Taking overall responsibility for F Ensuring that dealership standards are upheld in line with CSI measures. Keeping records and reports to measure the department performance. Colleague performance management. Fostering a positive cando attitude and an enjoyable atmosphere. Maintaining Franchise standards The Skills. With at least 2 years experience as a Sales Manager you will possess: A solid understanding of the new car sales ethos. A proven record of consistent on target sales figures. The ability to think of and open new routes to sales. Strong interpersonal skills Clear thinking and a positive outlook. Good time management Good organisation skills and accuracy in your work . The Rewards. Salary: ****k basic  ****k OTE (uncapped) Plus: Car and company benefits Please note jobcoop provide an anonymous service to candidates but this can only be offered if you register or apply directly through the jobcoop site. If anonymity is not required then please feel free to apply through this job board	Bristol, England, Gloucestershire	UK		permanent	Jobco op Ltd	Other/General Jobs	30000 - 50000/annum + Car and benefits	40000	cv-library.co.uk	0
4817	62005234	Recruitment Consultant – Commercial  Liverpool	Recruitment Consultant Commercial  Liverpool Up to **** basic Superb uncapped commission (no threshold for first 6 months) Superb company flexi benefits ****3 days holiday  8 stats Company Well established and highly profitable organisation with a great brand name and UK wide presence Specialist across generalist and specialist markets Offer full **** contingency perms, as well as temporary contract recruitment solutions Industry leading inhouse external training ****s | workshop | seminars etc Position Full **** recruitment consultant role which has the advantage of being able to run a dual desk and place Perm Temp candidates at all levels across many Commercial Office Support departments including Admin, PA s, Office Management, Sales Marketing, HR, Payroll, Call Contact Centres etc The role will report into the Commercial Manager who has enjoyed a long and stable career within recruitment Looking for the successful candidate to grow business and develop your desk by securing new business, whilst ensuring existing client's are well serviced and maintained Genuine career prospects in to leadership senior management positions will be rewarded to successful and career minded individuals Requirement Ideally a minimum 1218 months recruitment consultancy or minimum 2 yrs BusinessBusiness Field or Telesales experience You will be articulate, enthusiastic and able to sell at all levels A self starter with the desire to progress their career and able to demonstrate a strong track record of achievement as a Recruitment Consultant or BB Sales professional An ability to work autonomously as well as in a team React in a targeted environment We do try to respond personally but if you have not heard from us within 3 working days then please accept that your application is not going to proceed further	Liverpool	Liverpool			Fresh Partnership	Sales Jobs	Up to 26,000 basic	26000	MyUkJobs	0
106406	69591571	1st Line Service Desk	IT Support Engineer  Windows XP, Windows 7, Desktop Support, Helpdesk, 1st Line, Exchange, Active Directory  Cardiff  ****  **** per annum Candidate Key words  Windows XP, Windows 7, Desktop Support, Helpdesk, 1st Line, Customer Service, Exchange, Active Directory, MS Office, IT support. Commutable from  Cardiff, Newport, Bridgend, Caerphilly A leading provider of outsourced IT Support is looking for an IT Support Engineer / Helpdesk Analyst / Service Desk Technician, to join them to provide 1st Line IT support to their clients. The IT support technician will be commercially experienced within desktop support and very customer focused / friendly. This role will focus on providing support to desktop PCs and Laptops using Windows XP and 7. Experience of working with Active Directory and Exchange will be highly beneficial as this will be part of your day to day work. This is an exciting opportunity to join a busy and growing company where you will be supported to improve your technical skills and provide top service to clients. The desire to make the role your own and to resolve the maximum amount of user calls is essential and internal progression is possible dependant on performance. The salary range is between ******** per annum plus benefits which include pension, quarterly socials, free broadband, financial support for professional exams, and free drinks and snacks. Ideally the IT Support Engineer will have the following technical experience   Windows XP and 7  Microsoft Exchange  Active Directory  Helpdesk Support  Excellent customer care and communication skills IT Support Engineer job summary:  Full time  Salary  up to **** (dependant on experience)  Location  Cardiff  Commutable from  Cardiff, Newport, Bridgend, Caerphilly, Cwmbran For more details please apply for an initial call back regarding the role / your experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/1stLineServiceDesk_job****	Cardiff South Glamorgan Wales	UK		permanent	ACORN RECRUITMENT LIMITED	IT Jobs	16000 - 20000 per annum + benefits	18000	totaljobs.com	0
50319	68631221	Receptionist	Dental Receptionist, Tunbridge Wells, Kent, Full Time, **** GBP/hr A great opportunity has arisen for a dental receptionist to join a friendly NHS practice in Tunbridge Wells. The ideal candidate will be experienced in the dental industry. They will also be able to display a high level of enthusiasm, and be able to display first class teamwork skills. The role will include some Saturdays. If this sounds like, please apply now CANDIDATE REQUIREMENTS MUST: Be an enthusiastic team player Be up on their CPD hours Be able to display excellent clinical skills Be able to work under pressure Desired: 2 years of Post Qualification experience Knowledge of Kodak R**** JOB DESCRIPTION Chair side assistance Booking appointments CQC knowledge Sterilising dental equipment and making sure the correct equipment is available and in good repair. Sterilising the practice surgery and keeping it in order. Meeting patients and collating their dental records HTM0105 knowledge SALARY BENEFITS: **** GBP/hr 45 hours per week   MonSat Inhouse training 28 Days Holiday (including Bank Holidays) If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy	Kent - Tunbridge Wells	Tunbridge Wells	full_time	permanent	CVbrowser	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	16500 - 17000	16750	cvbrowser.com	0
215829	72243514	Year 1 teacher	Capita Education Resourcing have been requested to recruit an effective and dedicated practitioner for a long term position in a Year **** Class in a Ipswich primary school to start in march The successful Candidate will be teaching in a primary school with an Ofsted grading of Outstanding, The Pupils are making rapid progress with help from the leadership team of Early years foundation stage with a stimulating working environment with fellow staff promoting positive attitudes with great partnerships with parents and carers. This year 1 position will start in March 2013, this popular school just on the outskirts of Ipswich, the school holds over **** pupils with a mixed gender of pupils with age range of **** Successful Primary Teachers must have:  QTS eligibility to work within the UK  Promote equal opportunities in the classroom  Extensive subject knowledge  Think and plan strategically  Commitment to learning and development of pupils  Teach at a consistently good and outstanding level  Have strong interpersonal skills to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students  Experienced Primary Teachers and NQTs welcome Benefits of working through Capita Education Resourcing:  Primary Teachers paid up to main scale  Continued professional development for primary teachers  Work in local Primary Schools  Weekly pay for Primary Teachers  Refer a friend scheme (must have worked for 25 days) and receive **** As DfE Quality Mark holders, Capita Education requires all primary teachers to have a fully enhanced CRB check, minimum of two references plus a face to face interview. If you are driven, motivated and aim to enhance the educational experience of the children that you work with, please contact Lewis on **** **** **** or send your CV to lewis.dunncapita.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Year1teacher_job****	Chelmsford Essex South East	UK		contract	Capita Education Resourcing	Teaching Jobs	90 - 160 per day + Negotiable	30000	totaljobs.com	0
73316	68994456	Insurance Risk Management Advisor	Insurance Risk Management Advisor to ****  excellent benefits. Mid Surrey. Expanding Insurance Risk Management and Regulatory reporting team with highly regarded General Insurance group. The team has a wide remit, including responsibilities for: Quarterly Risk Assessments, detailed reviews Preparation of Risk Summaries Reportable Event Process, including investigation, sign off of reports, identifying remedial action and monitoring effectiveness of action; maintaining effective database and records of events. Providing risk review reports and feedback to different business areas. Supporting New Business Initiative Risk Assessment processes. This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic and expanding environment, with a strong team spirit, within a culture that encourages initiative, independent thinking, and where staff are supported to achieve their full potential. Applicants should be able to offer relevant risk management/risk assessment experience within a General Insurance environment. Strong communication and influening skills, confident to engage with senior management to implement a riskbased approach to business decisions. Strong report writing and presentation skills. Familiary with the principles of Solvency II. Educated to degree level or equivalent relevant professional qualification. Excellent working environment and staff benefits. Staff parking arrangements and excellent access for public transport in a central location	Surrey	Surrey		permanent	Centrepoint Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	30000 - 35000/annum	32500	cv-library.co.uk	0
105269	69577375	Sales Consultant	Our client is growing their team in Manchester tenfold and is currently looking for extremely ambitious Sales Consultants to drive direct sales. This is a challenging role, however, there is a real opportunity for the right candidates to rapidly ascend the professional ladder and grow their seniority and income alongside the business. They are looking for targetdriven consultative sales people that are bursting with enthusiasm, energy and ambition. You will generate your own leads in a specific sector, so you must enjoy the challenge of winning new clients and educating them in a new, more efficient way of recruiting. As a Sales Consultant you will:  Identify and target organisations they know are recruiting and regularly use recruitment agencies.  Introduce the company`s revolutionary business model to businesses via the telephone.  Use screensharing software, demonstrating the company products and services to potential clients.  Work in partnership with the Account Management team to develop relationships with clients to maximise business opportunities.  Assist marketing colleagues to create client case studies, and build effective and innovative lead generation campaigns.  Develop marketspecific networks to facilitate brand and product awareness within a given sector.  Communicate and promote company products / services / events and key achievements via social media channels such as Twitter and LinkedIn.  Build strong, longterm relationships with key decision makers within a range of SME and corporate businesses, using a consultative approach to build trust, gain market intelligence and influence decisionmaking. The ideal Sales Consultant will hold the following skills and experiences:  Excellent communication skills with a positive attitude.  Experience of B2B sales, preferably within the recruitment or software / IT sectors.  Strong commercial knowledge / awareness to garner credibility and influence senior decision makers and business owners.  Good understanding of the full sales cycle, from lead generation through to introduction, software demonstration, closing the deal and aftercare knowledge of the UK recruitment industry, particularly the thirdparty recruitment agency market / processes  Excellent presentation and communication skills, with the ability to work comfortably with a wide range of stakeholders.  IT literate with experience of using Microsoft office programmes, including wordprocessing, spread sheets and databases. You will be working the hours of 9.00 am  5.30 pm, Monday to Friday plus additional hours, as requested. In return you will receive a salary of ****  ****  realistic commission structure plus 20 days holiday  stats. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/SalesConsultant_job****	Greater Manchester - Manchester	Manchester	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Sales Jobs	16300 - 26000	21150	ukstaffsearch.com	0
9310	65868746	Telesales Executive	Our client is a successful and growing commercial arm to an instantly recognisable organisation that most people don't associate with sales. We are recruiting for part of the organisation that brings in revenue so that the organisation can fulfil its main purpose and as a result of some very strategic business planning, the sales team is continuing to grow. We are looking for people with a minimum of 12 months experience in a telesales or telemarketing role who are motivated by working to targets and hitting KPIs to generate commission for themselves but at the same time, we want someone who is genuinely interested in understanding their customers needs so they can recommend the best product at the best price  people who are in to make a quick buck won't suit the culture and philosophy of my client. Sales are all business to business so if you want to move away from shift and weekend work, this could be the right move for you. My client would like to recruit quickly so please contact the office or email your CV to us straight away for consideration. Alternatively, if you would like to begin with a confidential discussion about your career options, just give us a call	Peterborough	Peterborough		permanent		Charity & Voluntary Jobs	Basic 16500 + commission - OTE 23000	19750	hays.co.uk	0
192162	71756506	Project Finance (energy and infrastructure) Lawyer, **** pqe – US firm, To ****K  bonus	This top US firm has one of the longestestablished presences in London and houses an awardwinning project finance group, always in the upper echelons of the tables in terms of the value of ldquo;closed rdquo; project finance deals it works on in any given year, repeatedly picking up ldquo;deal of the year rdquo; gongs. It operates a genuinely crosspractice strategy and has really lsquo;hitched its wagon rsquo; to multijurisdictional, crossborder work with a focus on projects in the emerging markets throughout Latin America, Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East as well as in the Far East. The firm rsquo;s client base includes leading multinational sponsors, credit export agencies, governments and banks and this truly global practice has earned its stripes acting on matters across power generation, oil amp; gas, infrastructure, mining, waste and telecommunications projects. Its significant global reach has allowed it to take good advantage of its developed reputation for projects work in the emerging markets, resulting in an incredibly healthy pipeline of work. The London practice is now slightly underweight at the senior assistant level and is seeking a pedigreed project finance lawyer (strong academics and comparable experience gained at a good City or US firm are essential). There are decent progression prospects for the right candidate; when considering the number of promotions last year on a global basis, a good chunk of these were in London and the project finance group has a remit to grow. nbsp; The firm posted steady revenue results last year and boasts a low attrition rate. An opportunity to join a profitable firm with a projects team on an upward trajectory. US firm salary and bonus structure. Apply on line or contact kristi.edwardsedwardsgibson.com to find out more about this or similar opportunities. Edwards Gibson acts as an employment agency for permanent roles. www.edwardsgibson.com	London	London			Edwards Gibson	Legal Jobs	To 142K + bonus	71000	legalweekjobs.com	1
4279	61393029	Financial Inclusion Officer	Financial Inclusion Officer **** per annum 40 hours per week Fixed Term Contract for 12 Months A Housing Association, based in Kidderminster, are looking for a new member of their team to help with an anticipated increase in workload due to the Welfare Reforms. They need someone who has extensive knowledge of Welfare Benefits and can hit the ground running as soon as they start. The successful applicant will be involved in all aspects of Financial Inclusion work in support of the Company s Objectives and targets in relation to financial inclusion, debt prevention, worklessness initiatives and related areas of work including Estate Management. You will be responsible for the maximisation of income (rent and other payments) by signposting people to other support services and will need an understanding of these. This will be through direct contact with customers and through liaison with relevant agencies, to ensure that debt prevention and rent arrears policies and procedures are adhered to at all times. A major focus of this role will be to assist people to respond to the forthcoming welfare reforms. You should have an awareness of housing issues gained through direct housing experience with a Local Authority, Housing Association or an organisation dealing with housing issues. You should also have a wider knowledge and understanding of the range of tax initiatives and allowances and discretionary benefits and payments available to support those who qualify as well as a good understanding of homeless prevention. For more information about the position, please contact Sarah on **** **** **** or apply directly now.	Kidderminster	Kidderminster		permanent		Property Jobs	24,186	24186	hays.co.uk	0
153018	70782201	UNIX / Linux Administrator / Technical Support Consultant	UNIX / Linux Administrator / Technical Support Consultant Messaging – Security – SaaS Excellent opportunity has arisen with one of the world’s most recognisable brands for an Infrastructure Administrator to work on client based SaaS consulting projects. Full spec upon request. Role: • Maintenance and troubleshooting of our global email, web and instant messaging infrastructure. • Diagnosis of complex issues remotely with limited physical access to the equipment. • Addressing escalated client issues to include, troubleshooting issues at a client site over the phone or liaising with the clients’ system administrator or IT management. • Perform on call duties providing out of hours support to our NOC team • Participate on project delivery as the support technical lead by advising the project managers and stakeholders on support requirements and ensuring proper delivery of those requirements • Support and mentor second level NOC staff through challenging technical situations. • Provide technical training sessions of new products and areas where you are considered the subject matter expert Requirements • Thorough knowledge of HTTP(S), SMTP, LDAP, DNS, NTP and other internet protocols is required. • Excellent knowledge of Linux, from a user and system administrator perspective. Exposure to other Unix operating systems is an asset. • Demonstrated shell scripting is essential within Bash, Perl, Python or Expect • Advanced understanding of Unix based email servers operating Qmail, Ecelerity, Postfix, Send mail or Exim. Microsoft Exchange knowledge is an asset. • Understanding of proxying technologies such as Squid and/or Microsoft ISA Server • Understanding of routing and switching protocols and associated Cisco/Juniper hardware. Firewall technology and load balancing technology understanding is an asset. • Practical understanding of email and web security issues. • Ability to work in team settings, with both local and remote teams while stayed selfdirected and maintaining an everchanging workload. • Previous experience of working within a fast paced client/technical environment; preferably a service support environment. • Expert use of the command line in a Linux/ Unix operating system. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/UNIXLinuxAdministratorTechnicalSupportConsultant_job****	Gloucester Gloucestershire South West	Gloucester		permanent	Coal IT Services	IT Jobs	42,000 per annum Plus Bens + Bonus	42000	cwjobs.co.uk	0
73473	68995092	Accounts Assistant	Tony Alan Recruitment is currently working with a leading organisation based in the Crawley area to recruit for an Accounts Assistant. This is a permanent vacancy where you will be joining a growing company with an expanding team. Your duties will include assisting with the budgeting and forecasting, completing bank reconciliations, resolving variances, chasing outstanding debt and all tasks relating to invoicing. Advanced excel skills and experience in a similar position is essential. A competitive salary is on offer and further benefits are included. If you feel that you would be suited to this vacancy then please apply with your CV. REFER A FRIEND SCHEME: If you refer a candidate to us and they are placed you will be eligible for a cash reward Due to the high number of CV?s we receive we are unable to respond to all applications therefore please assume you are unsuccessful in this instance	Crawley, West Sussex	Crawley		permanent	Tony Alan Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	22000 - 28000/annum	25000	cv-library.co.uk	0
123904	69966078	Service Engineer  Diesel Generators	My client requires a Service Engineer with experience of Diesel Generators. Ranging in power from lowest kva, up to ****va. Experience of Compressors is also required for this position. If you have any pumps expereince this would be advantageous, but can be picked up on the job. Based at their head office, you will repair and maintain generators on site. On occasion, you may be required to attend client sites when staff sortages make this necessary	Warrington, Cheshire	Warrington		permanent	Search Consultancy	Engineering Jobs	21000 - 23500/annum Over Time	22250	cv-library.co.uk	0
107108	69595270	Area Sales Manager  South west	Area Sales Manager  South West Our client is a global provider of industrial weighing products and systems to their clients globally, they are admired for their superior products and exceptional levels of customer service, they are now seeking an Area Sales Manager to manage their south west territory. Main Duties and Responsibilities: To focus on the **** revenue accounts manufacturing/processing plants at local levels, building strategic partnerships with the Decision Making Unit (DMU). To continually raise the profile and scope of supply , maintaining long term strategic partnerships with profitable sales revenue growth. To use the whole spectrum of selling skills to exploit all new and existing New Goods and New Contracts sales opportunities within the territory. To contribute to the Region's business performance by exceeding the existing Regional sales targets. To achieve and, where possible, to exceed monthly sales targets for the territory. Make full use of all available resources to generate leads in order to maximise business opportunities within the territory. Canvass and prospect all customers within the territory. To promote and sell the complete range of Industrial Standards and Systems and through customer demonstrations, site visits, tendering/quoting for new business. To identify sales opportunities and follow up on such opportunities and other leads as provided by the infrastructure and Telesales personnel. To maximise sales and profitability within the specific territory and to use account management and customer service skills to maintain and grow the sales. To liaise effectively with other internal departments to ensure an exceptional level of customer service and to solve problems in an effective and timely manner. To submit relevant reports as required by the UK Sales Director to allow visibility of all activity, sales prospects and orders within the territory, and updates and progress against agreed KPI's for the year. Build and maintain relationships with all customers to protect and maximise sales. Advise and 'upsell' to new and existing customers to maximise sales and build relationships Where appropriate, develop external networking strategies with regional third parties To attend Company sales meetings and exhibitions as and when required. To obtain knowledge of competitor activity within the Territory. To assist credit control in the collection of outstanding debts due from customers within the Territory. To accurately complete all official customer sales orders in line with the correct Company procedure. To observe and comply with all Company policies including but not limited to Company Vehicle and Support Cost Arrangements, Duty of Confidence, Grievance Procedure, Disciplinary Procedure, Ethics Policy, IT User Policy, Health and Safety, and all policies and appendices within the Contract of Employment. To comply with the Company's Expense Policy and submit expenses on a regular basis to the UK Sales Director for approval. Any other duties deemed appropriate within the scope of the role and in line with skills and experience. Ideally you come from a capital equipment sales background, and can demonstrate where and how you have won new business and developed exisiting accounts.This is an excellent opportunity with an excellent business where you will be challenged all applications should be made to john.tilbrooknewmanstewart.co.uk highlighting your current salary and package. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSalesManagerSouthwest_job****	South West	South West London		permanent	Newman Stewart	Sales Jobs	30000 - 32000 per annum + Bonus (12,000.00)	31000	totaljobs.com	0
98722	69502094	Building Control Manager	One of the leading Nationwide Approved Inspectors is seeking an experienced Building Control Manger based in their London Office. The company has built an excellent reputation within the Approved Inspector sector for the high standards it sets for service delivery and Technical advice.The company are looking for an experienced Building Control Manager who can demonstrate excellent Technical Knowledge of both Commercial and Residential projects within the London area. The successful candidate will be an individual who is keen to progress their career and seeking a new challenge in 2013. All candidates must be chartered Building Surveyors and have at least 5 years experience as either a Building Control manager of Principal Building Control Manager. In return the company can offer the successful candidate an attractive starting package covering pension, car, health care and training.	London	London		permanent	The Interview Agency	Trade & Construction Jobs	upto 60k PA	60000	londonjobs.co.uk	1
9781	66157541	Tax Manager,Gloucestershire	A leading regional firm of accountants is looking to add to their tax team in the capacity of Tax Manager (Legal team). Our client has performed really well in these tough economic times and has managed to grow their fee income by over 10%, thus ensuring that they are able to provide strong career opportunities. The role: You will be work ing in a team of over **** staff who advise legal practices, patent attorneys, their owners and barristers too. The role has arisen due to a member of the team moving in house. Clients will include a range of practices, including some large LLPs and partnerships. Many of these operate with both a partnership and one or more limited companies in their structure, giving significant opportunity for tax planning. The role offers the potential for career development. My client is ideally for someone with strong business and personal tax skills, as well as being a qualified accountant. Key Responsibilities: File reviews ensuring timely completion of tax computational and liability estimate work. Business development, including the preparation of articles for inclusion in their Legal Focuses, legal press, pitches and presentations to potential clients. Project work for their clients, including mergers and demergers, incorporation and disincorporation etc. Supervision/management of the tax part of the legal team. Skills and Qualifications: ACA/ACCA Qualified or equivalent with a proven experience of professional practice in both taxation and accounts. CTA desirable, or a strong tax knowledge/experience generally.	South West England, Bristol, Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, West Midlands, Herefordshire, Staffordshire, Worcestershire	UK			Advance Recruitment Services	Other/General Jobs	50,000-74,999 yearly	62499	theladders.co.uk	1
21767	67334239	Security Service Engineer	My client is a well established business in Stevenage with free parking on site. The offices are modern and air conditioned and they are a really friendly family type firm working in the fire and security alarms and CCTV arenas. They offer above average holidays of 23 days plus bank holidays which is always good and the role can attract overtime. The main purposes of this role is: To install electronic security systems to a surveyors specification or marked up drawings. Commission the systems and complete all appropriate paperwork, in accordance with the appropriate British Standard requirements and NACOSS dictates and if the occasions arise to service electronic security systems at our Customers' premises. OR To service Intruder Alarms, CCTV and Access Control Systems . Trouble shooting and fault finding of these systems and if the occasions arise to install electronic security systems at our Customers' premises. The Security Service Engineers are on the Duty Engineers’ Roster one week in six weeks. The types of equipment we expect the Applicant to be experienced or familiar with are: Intruder: Scantronic / Menvier range, Honeywell and Siemens. Access Control: ACT, Honeywell Door Entry: BPT, Fermax CCTV: Pelco, DM, Adpro, Optex If you have experience in these fields and live within **** miles of Stevenage then send in your CV without delay. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SecurityServiceEngineer_job****	Stevenage Hertfordshire South East	UK		permanent	Calculus Recruitment Limited	Engineering Jobs	From 25,000 to 28,000 per annum plus overtime and benefits	26500	totaljobs.com	0
204711	72115416	Pensions Administrator  Manchester	My client is currently looking for an experienced Pensions Administrator to join their team in Manchester City Centre. The Role Maintain scheme / member databases Prepare data to be passed to investment managers Calculate benefits for members of the scheme both manually and using the administration system and referencing administration guides / processes Prepare correspondence for issue to members and other client representatives Ensure all work is completed accurately and well presented to assist checking / authorising Work within specified timescales laid down in service contracts Identify / escalate complaints, potential issues or suggestions to the Team Leader The Candidate Be numerate Have good knowledge of relevant computer systems (Profund, Excel, Word) Have experience of pension scheme administration tasks Be competent in the administration of final salary, hybrid and money purchase schemes Show attention to detail in own work Have good written and verbal communication and telephone skills Team player Well organised Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful	Manchester, Greater Manchester	Manchester		permanent	IDEX Consulting LLP	Accounting & Finance Jobs	18000 - 21000/annum	19500	cv-library.co.uk	0
155401	71081761	Garden Centre Outdoor Team Leader	Outdoor Team Leader required to join a highly successful garden centre delivering high standards of presentation and excellent customer service through effective displays and operating with clear lines of communicatiion to ensure a knowledgeable and enthusiastic team.	West Sussex	West Sussex	full_time	permanent	Horticruitment	Other/General Jobs	19K	19000	horticulturejobs.co.uk	0
219962	72345208	SENIOR PROCESS SAFETY ENGINEER  OIL & GAS  UK	SENIOR PROCESS SAFETY ENGINEER  OIL GAS NORTH WEST BASED ****k  ****k An opportunity has arisen within a globally known consultancy for a Senior Process Safety Engineer. Applicants should be technically competent, proactive, ambitious and with both good client facing and team management skills and will	warrington, north west, UK	Warrington				Energy, Oil & Gas Jobs	35k-65k	50000	oilandgasjobsearch.com	1
162436	71199771	C Developer , Web Developer	My client is a leading agency who are currently looking for an experienced and enthusiastic web developer to join their team. They are a Microsoft specialist house who pride themselves on ensuring that they keep up to date with all recent releases of Microsoft technology. They are looking for a web developer who has a good grounding and level of experience in front end web based technology such as; C .Net ASP.Net HTML XML Web services MVC It is essential that you have experience of developing web applications using an MVC framework. You will be developing web solutions using C and ASP.Net as your core technology within an MVC framework. In return my client can offer you a creative environment, with the opportunity to work on multiple projects. My client will also support you through gaining your professional qualifications and accreditation in Microsoft technology. If this sounds like you or you would like to know more information please contact me directly on rlaughlinteksystems.co.uk or **** **** **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.	Warrington	Warrington		permanent	TEKsystems	IT Jobs	20k - 24k pa + Bonus and Benefits Package	22000	jobsite.co.uk	0
49076	68610888	Project Manager Roads Sewers	Our client is a successful Civil Engineering and Groundwork sub contractor based in Leicestershire who operate throughout the Midlands and United Kingdom. The company have established an enviable reputation and relationship with Blue Chip clients. The business targets projects from 1m  and offer a range of services including Roads Managing a Roads Ensuring the project is delivered on time and within budget Check and maintain quality of work Interact with the clients including Local Authorities Write method statements and ensure compliance Report all site activity. You should be experienced at working at a fast pace and with a hands on nature as our clients expectations are high. Requirements Demonstrate a robust knowledge of contracting Excellent verbal Dedication Represent and behave at all times in a manner befitting our client Package Up to ****k Benefits. This is an excellent opportunity for a suitably qualified and experienced professional to play a leading role in the ongoing development of the Company. Call us now for an interview on **** **** ask for John Ashcroft or send your CV along with a covering letter to john.ashcroftnicholasassociates.co.uk	Coalville	Coalville			Nicholas Associates	Trade & Construction Jobs	40000 per annum	40000	MyUkJobs	0
16183	66887221	Business Development Manager  FMCG	Business Development Manager  FMCG Ref: **** Location: West Midlands/East Midlands/South Midlands THE ROLE: We are assisting in the appointment of a new role, a Business Development Manager to drive new business across a varieties of routes to market. You will be a driven and enthusiastic individual who has a proven track record of gaining new business. This should not be seen as just a job but more a huge opportunity to join a rapidly growing business where your results will be rewarded and you will be given a considerable amount of autonomy to plan and drive new business through researched routes to market. This role will require a tenacious individual who has a background in FMCG (food or nonfood) and is able to develop their own ideas and plan effectively to deliver new business results. THE COMPANY: Our client is one of the fastest growing FMCG businesses within the UK and is a business based on passionate and driven employees where a strong reward package is on offer to all employees. The business has exceeded all growth projections for the last 5 years and their future growth plans are on course to bring about double growth figures by 2015. As a business they import and package goods that sit within the everyday toy and giftware sector, they are a market leader within their niche product category and have more opportunities being presented to them than they can currently manage, hence the fabulous opportunity to join at this current time of high level growth. They enjoy a relatively flat structure that allows strong and consistent support to all employees but also gives individuals the opportunity to drive the business, influence change and strategy and be a major part of the businesses future. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Must have at least 3 years experience in a new business capacity within FMCG Proven sales track record of building new business and identifying new routes to market Conscientious attitude, able to work autonomously within a supportive environment Passionate and ambitious personality Team player, able to interact well with the different functions of the business Background in indentifying new opportunities and carrying out detailed competitor analysis studies Able to monitor, analyse and report effectively for monthly reporting purposes THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: ****k base  20% bonus  benefits  car or car allowance To apply please email or call (Apply online only) to discuss further. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career	West Midlands, UK	West Midlands		permanent	Aarca Sales Recruitment	Sales Jobs	30000 - 40000/annum 20% Bonus + Benefits + Car Allowance	35000	cv-library.co.uk	0
94597	69202311	Management Accountant	Our leading innovation and service provider with a UK and European presence is looking to recruit a Management Accountant to cover during a period of maternity for **** year. Reporting to the Financial Controller you will be responsible for a variety of management and financial accounting duties including: Management accounting, VAT, budgeting and forecasting, preparing financial statements, analysis of financial performance, cost cutting initiatives, providing financial information for audit and adhoc projects The ideal candidate will be able to start within 3 weeks and will be happy to commit to the full **** year term of the contract. You will be a qualified accountant ACCA, ACA or CIMA and have previous relevant exposure in a similar role. This is a medium to large business with a turnover in the region of 100 Million so experience within a similar sized business would be beneficial. We are very much looking for a Management Account or Finance Manager who can hit the ground running. A good level of Excel is required and exposure to ERP systems would be beneficial. This is an opportunity to gain some exposure with a very good employer.	UK	UK	full_time	permanent	Hewitson Walker	Accounting & Finance Jobs	From 40,000 to 50,000 per year	45000	fish4.co.uk	1
117378	69801030	Sales Engineer	JOB TITLE: Sales Engineer – Industrial Boilers / Boilers LOCATION: Midlands, Birmingham, Worcestershire, Oxfordshire, Oxford, South West, West Midlands, Dorset, Somerset, Gloucestershire, Bristol, Hampshire, Cornwall, Devon. INDUSTRY: Industrial Boilers / Boilers SALARY : **** to ****  Commission COMPANY / ROLE Our Client is a UK Subsidiary of a large European Engineering Group dedicated to solving thermal energy problems with high quality solutions across a wide range of industries. Working from home the ideal candidate will provide engineering sales cover from the Midlands to the Southwest UK. The candidate will be responsible for sales to end user, contractors and specifiers for the company’s range of steam generators, fire tube steam boilers, high temperature thermal fluid heaters and gaseous effluent thermal oxidisers. The customer base is broad and includes the food, chemical, metal, pharmaceutical and marine industries. A mechanical or chemical engineer with a proven track record in industrial sales within a steam, process or other thermal engineering related environment is ideal. This is an excellent opportunity for a wellestablished market leading company. Principal responsibilities / Knowledge / Experience 1.Minimum ****years of proven sales success in the Boilers Industry. 2.Sales experience – essential 3.Maintain a professional relationship with customers and ensure they are kept satisfied with the companies services. ****To manage the key account list to maximise sales and profit ****Effective Communicator. ****Prompt and accurate reporting to the Directors as required. ****Computer literate. If you would like to apply for or require information on the role please email your CV with the reference number and all relevant details to email provided. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesEngineer_job****	Birmingham West Midlands (County) West Midlands	UK		permanent	Dexter Nicholas	Sales Jobs	From 30,000 to 35,000 per annum + commission	32500	totaljobs.com	0
154019	70834652	Housekeeper	Working managing a team to maintain the Home by cleaning, dusting, vacuuming and polishing To create and maintain cleaning regimes (daily, weekly, periodically etc) for all areas of the Care Home (excluding those maintained by Kitchen Staff) in line with the Company's Policies and Procedures. Conduct random audit checks of all areas. Continuously assess the work of all staff members to ensure consistently high standards. Liase with the Care Manager regarding the effectiveness of cleaning products, and ensure their safe storage. To order cleaning products, and undertake monthly stock checks. Maintain agreed budgets. Prepare housekeeping rotas, and ensure staff adhere to these rotas. Liase with the Care Manager regarding COSHH training. Supervise and instruct junior and new staff members when required. Report to the Care Manager or Maintenance person, any faulty appliances, damaged furniture, equipment or any potential hazard. Be aware of of the Health Safety at Work Act	Northampton	Northampton	full_time		Argyle House	Maintenance Jobs	7.90 - 8.10 per hour	15360	Jobcentre Plus	0
12086	66543393	Laser Operator	This vacancy is being advertised on behalf of Gap personnel who are operating as an employment business. Our client in Dudley is looking for an experienced laser machine operator to work within a small team. Experience of setting and operating. It will be working a 40 hour week accross **** rotating shift patterns. Overtime also available. FLT licence ideal but not essential. Temp to Perm for the right candiadte. To apply for this position please contact Adam on ****	Dudley	Dudley	full_time			Manufacturing Jobs	7.00 - 8.50 per hour	14880	Jobcentre Plus	0
183100	71621415	Commercial Property Underwriter	COMMERCIAL PROPERTY UNDERWRITER **** Insurer based in the City have an opoportunity for a Commercial Property/HNW Underwriter to join their team. The role is to underwrite high net worth commercial legal indemnity/professional indemnity risks within agreed authority levels to achieve profitable growth in line with the company s business plans. Building strong relationships with clients, solicitors, brokers and business units and marketing the company s products. Iit is essential you have Property/HNW experience, together with either a Law Degree or Insurance qualifications in order to be successful in your application. A knowledge of title insurance would be advantageous. Ref **** 79MW Appointments is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.	City of London	The City		permanent	MW Appointments Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	45k pa	45000	cityjobs.com	1
106725	69592690	RTR Delivery Manager  Treasury	Sellick Partnership has been engaged to recruit a permanent RTR Delivery Manager position for a growing and reputable shared service centre based in Manchester. The role As one of the delivery managers within the SSC record to report function, this role will be responsible for providing a portfolio of Treasury report services to the business in accordance with SLA's around the following areas:  Cash flow forecasting  Monitoring and Management of Company funds  Reporting of Cash and Net Debt position  Bank facilities management  Reconciliations of Bank Accounts to the General Ledger  Bond management exposure The person The successful applicant will be a qualified accountant (CCAB), with extensive experience of service delivery in a financial environment. They should have previous experience in a corporate treasury environment and have a proven track record of cash management, working with JV companies and overseas subsidiaries. The candidate should possess strong analytical skills, familiarity of SAP and be competent in assembling, managing and developing teams. The successful applicant will demonstrate strong interpersonal skills, and be able to influence a wide range of internal ad external stakeholders. If you consider yourself to be a committed, career driven professional who can demonstrate the above experience and who would welcome the stimulus of this finance post then we would be pleased to hear from you. If you would like to apply for this role or would like to find out more, please apply online or contact Jonathan Moss at Sellick Partnership on **** **** **** Sellick Partnership is a market leader in financial recruitment operating across the UK. Over the last ten years we have built up an enviable relationship with employers, and our expert team of consultants boast up to date market knowledge and a strong reputation making Sellick Partnership best placed to help you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RTRDeliveryManagerTreasury_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK		permanent	Sellick Partnership	Accounting & Finance Jobs	38000 - 48000 per annum + 4500 Car Allowance	43000	totaljobs.com	1
137625	70418498	Kitchen Manager	Closing Date: 22 February 2****13 Description: Kitchen Manager Business: Southwater Square Harvester Location: Telford Brand: Harvester Salary: **** – **** Live In: No Kitchen Manager Working at Harvester Friendly, familyfocused food is what we’re all about. So if you love making kids smile as much as you like delicious, freshlychargrilled food, look no further than our Harvester. Great food for all the family There’s always a happy family buzz about Harvester, and this friendly, vibrant atmosphere can really help your career takeoff. Develop your skills by preparing and serving a great range of delicious grills, spit roasts, farm assured chicken and fish. Learn how to keep the whole family happy with special ‘Young Guest’ dishes, kids activity sheets and the famous ‘unlimited visits’ Harvester salad bar. Welcome to the Southwater Square Harvester in Telford. Southwater Square Harvester is due to open later this year and if successful you could start with us as soon as possible to gain experience both of Harvester and new openings to ensure your success in the new site. You’ll find plenty of happy families at Harvester. Including the great big happy family that works here In fact, here at Harvester the happy family atmosphere seems to make big kids of everyone. So why not join us as Kitchen Manager and help to keep our family happy in the kitchen too? What you’ll do in this role The happy heart of a Harvester is its kitchen. As Kitchen Manager it’ll be up to you to keep the happiness coming by making sure nothing, but nothing, leaves the kitchen unless and until you’re happy with it. In fact, if things aren’t absolutely spoton, you’ll be the one person in the place who’s allowed to pull an unhappy face As Kitchen Manager, you’ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You’ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You’ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You’ll be accountable for the kitchen’s financial performance You’ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package – up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 25 days’ holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places. Contact Name: M B Contact Email: Contact Phone: **** Apply online: Normal 0 false false false ENGB XNONE XNONE	Telford	Telford	full_time		Mitchells & Butlers	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	20,000.00 - 26,000.00 per year	23000	Jobcentre Plus	0
197529	71842519	Banking Advisor, Inbound  Belfast City Centre	Core purpose of the role: To be the first point of contact for customer calls, providing an excellent level of customer service, meeting the needs of the banks customers and seeking opportunities to extend and develop the customer relationship. Responsibilities: Answer customer calls in relation to a broad number of transactions in an efficient and effective manner providing the highest level of customer service by aiming to meet the customer s needs at the first point of contact. Identify opportunities to further extend/develop the customer relationship by promoting the Bank s products and services in order to fully meet their financial needs. Identify sales opportunities and mature wherever possible and manage smooth handovers to other areas of the business. Required to manage and understand a range of transactional activities and focus on the customer experience whilst securing all sales opportunities. Consistently meeting core objectives and KPI s of the role Promote alternative delivery channels such as Internet Banking ensuring that all customers are aware and have full access to the Bank s complete range of service delivery channels. Ensure that all customers are dealt with in accordance with all compliance and regulatory requirements (including internal processes and procedures) which aim to protect our customers as well as the reputation of the Bank Maintain a good understanding of Bank s products and services including key features and benefits. To be successful in this role you will be experienced in the following: Creating value through customers  Providing excellent customer service on every call. Getting the best out of each other  Team working and helping others to learn. Meeting the challenge of change Self motivation and adapting to change and uncertainty. Identifying opportunities ensuring the customers needs are met Starting salary �**** (pay increase after 3 months) Temporary for approx 6 months, leading to permanent contracts Start dates in January & February 2013 Please note shifts pattern could include evenings & weekends Contact Vicky at Grafton Recruitment on **** **** or to apply submit your CV via this advertisement.	Belfast	Belfast	full_time	contract	Grafton Recruitment   NI	Customer Services Jobs	10,000 - 20,000	15000	nijobfinder.co.uk	0
146352	70732057	NET Developer (Sitecore)  ****k  NW	The Opportunity: ASP.NET Developer  (ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, XML, and CSS) is needed of my leading client, a leading bluechip end user company urgently seeks a hands ASP.NET Developer  (ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, XML, and CSS) to start to grow / lead my clients UK Development team. The chosen ASP.NET Developer  (ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, XML, and CSS) development candidates will be liaising with international (USA, EUROPE andINDIA) counterparts in order to develop the company s global websites. The successful ASP.NET Developer  (ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, XML, and CSS) will join a small development team in building a global website with CMS (SiteCore) backend Key skills  ASP.NET  HTML  JavaScript  XML  CSS  Web Content Management Systems (CMS) Nice to have  Sitecore Salary: ****  **** Location: London Role Type: Permanent The successful candidate will be able to handcode all of the above technologies, and have a proven track record of producing functional databasedriven web based enterprise applications. If you are looking for a new ASP.NET C challenge and are looking for a market leading bluechip end user company offering excellent career progression opportunities and expanding your knowledge and experience, send in your CV now and call Nick Bray on **** **** **** ASP.Net, C, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, XML, CMS, Web, SiteCore To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com 	City of london London Greater London	London		permanent		IT Jobs	50000	50000	technojobs.co.uk	1
10883	66453125	Female Support Worker  Liverpool	Job title: Female Support Workers.Pulse Community Healthcare.Salary: ****  ****Location: Timperley PULSE Community Healthcare are looking to recruit a team of dedicated Support Workers to assist our client with complex needs in the Timperley area. Duties will include: Duties will include: All aspects of personal care, tracheotomy care, managing the ventilator, assisting with medication, providing pressure relief and helping support skin integrity, support accessing the community and live as independently as possible.Encouraging participation in everyday skills, assistance with personal care, working to outcomes and with other multi disciplinary professionals and offering support with social activities This ia a ****:**** ****4 hour package., with both day/night shiftsFor this reason the ideal candidate must live locally.You must also have previous care experience within the UK You must be flexible and able to assist with emergency cover at short notice.Good verbal and written communication is key In return we offer you good rates of pay, ongoing training and opportunities for career development, regular supervisions and appraisals, PULSE Privileged benefits and a dedicated care team to support your care package. To apply for this role please email CV to pchpulsejobs.com Or Telephone **** **** **** Please quote the job vacancy reference: **** when applying. Thank You SDASection ****(2)(B) Applies.	Liverpool	Liverpool	full_time		PULSE	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	7.14 - 7.45/Hour	14006	staffnurse.com	0
239223	72627931	Business Manager (Motor Trade  Main Car Dealership)	Business Manager (Motor Trade  Main Car Dealership)  Carlisle We are currently recruiting for an experienced Business Manager for our client's reputable dealer site in Carlisle. Business Manager (Motor Trade  Main Car Dealership) &x2013 Carlisle We are currently recruiting for an experienced Business Manager for our client&x2019 s reputable dealer site in Carlisle. The position will entail aiding the customers in finding the right finance package to suit their needs. Working closely with the executives and the sales manager you will need to show a strong F&I knowledge to aid the department. The ideal candidate will have a solid dealer career history with business management. We are looking for a driven character as with the market the Business Manager role generally contains the Sales controllers duties of making sure the team are following process and doing the numbers required. You must have excellent customer service skills, proven history within business management with figures to prove it and be FSA approved. Salary: ****k OTE ****k  benefits Octane Recruitment	UK Carlisle	Carlisle		permanent	Octane Recruitment	Logistics & Warehouse Jobs	17000 - 50000 per annum + bonus & benefits	33500	careers4a.com	0
237001	72571239	Cleaning Operative	Cleaning operative required to work in retail environment. General cleaning including cleaning floors, toilets, sweeping, dusting. some outside work cleaning car park and trolley bays Must be reliable, Monday to Sunday 6.00am to 8.00am Rostered Day Off ID Required Passport or Full Birth Certificate plus proof of National Insurance and proof of Address dated with in 2 months Full Training given T Shirts provided but must wear own black trousers Contact Steve Taylor 0n ****	Nottingham	Nottingham	part_time		MITIE Retail	Maintenance Jobs	6.19 - 6.19 per hour	11884	Jobcentre Plus	0
157557	71111518	Senior Complaints Handler	Our client is one of the most dynamic and fastest growing organisations in the UK. They are currently looking for an experienced Senior Complaints Handler to work in their specialist teams. Experience of complaints handling or dispute resolution within financial services is essential. You will be resolving disputes and you will be client facing, speaking to customers over the phone and writing to them. When consumers refer their complaints to my client, your job is to find out what happened and make reasonable decision on the outcome. You will follow up with the consumer or business whenever you need to. So it is important that you are a strong communicator. As a Senior Complaint Handler youll be a role model to our existing Complaint Handlers. Youll be trusted to resolve my clients most complex or sensitive complaints. Personal Requirements Experience Handling a wide variety of complex disputes. Experience of complaints handling or dispute resolution within financial services is essential. Knowledge and expertise in a specific product area of financial services. Delivering exceptional customer service Meeting and exceeding objectives and targets set remaining calm under pressure and showing initiative. you have excellent communication and customer service skills You must have an excellent telephone manner and be able to resolve issues in the most timeeffective way able to manage customer expectations well, and communicate outcomes clearly. Youre able to coach and mentor other staff whilst doing the day job. You share the best ways of working within your team and to a wider audience within the organisation. You positively contribute to your teams objectives. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations ****	City of London	The City		permanent	Randstad Financial Professional Ltd	Accounting & Finance Jobs	GBP30k - GBP35k pa	32500	cityjobs.com	0
69673	68806613	Software Test Engineer  WLAN MAC	A rewarding opportunity for a competent Software Test Engineer with a solid understanding of wireless communications protocols coupled with proven scripting / programming skills. This exciting company offers a generous basic salary together with numerous benefits and excellent career development possibilities. The successful Software Test Engineer will take responsibility for WLAN software and system level feature integration, debug and test including the development of test strategies and test plans. You will play a key part in delivering software test results within agreed timescales. Ideally qualified to Degree level in Electronic Engineering or Computer Science you should have proven experience of at least one scripting or programming language and must be fully conversant with software test methodologies. Familiarity with wireless communications protocols such as UWB, GSM, UMTS or Bluetooth would be highly beneficial. This is a great opportunity for an experienced Software Test Engineer to utilise both their technical abilities and strong analytical skills within the Wireless Communications sector. Apply now for full details.	Bristol	Bristol		permanent	Technical Futures Limited	Engineering Jobs	30-40K + Benefits	35000	jobsite.co.uk	0
92618	69182096	Assistant ManagerWindsor Restaurant, up to **** 	ASSISTANT MANAGER FOR NEW RESTAURANT IN WINDSOR My client, operate a small group of upmarket restaurants looking to expand throughout 2013. The role As Assistant Manager you will work closely with the management team to help open this restaurant. The opening will see a guest list packed with celebrities and this theme will be carried out throughout. You will be responsible for the day to day running of the restaurant, and will have a great deal of autonomy whilst working within a secure and stable company. About you The successful Assistant Manager will be the perfect host, you will be able to charm and welcome your guests with a smile and outgoing personality. you will have a good knowledge of the financial side of the business and understand fresh food and an extensive wine list. Ideally you will have worked in upmarket food led environments. The ideal Assistant Manager will be very well presented and have excellent attention to detail. Ultimately you will be passionate about good food, good service and going the extra mile for your guests The Reward As Assistant Manager you can expect a starting salary of up to ****k. You will be entitled to a generous bonus and can realise your potential for growth with their excellent training and development programmes. If this sounds like the job for you then email your CV to anouskaitkrecruitment.co.uk . Please note that roles like these often generate a high response level and I will only be able to respond to candidates which match my client s criteria.	Windsor, Berkshire, Berkshire, UK, Berkshire	UK			ITK Recruitment	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	Up to 28,000 per annum	28000	jobs.catererandhotelkeeper.com	0
107132	69595447	Purchase Ledger Clerk	Chase and Holland are recruiting for an experienced Purchase Ledger Clerk to join a business close to Leicester Forest East. Due to expansion and an increased workload, the role will work alongside one other PL Clerk. Key duties will be:  To effectively be able to match all purchase invoices to orders raised by different departments.  To input all invoices on the system and to ensure purchase invoices are transferred into the accounting system.  Ensure that all queries are resolved in a timely manner to minimise accounts being placed on stop with suppliers.  Ensure incoming telephones calls are answered confidently and are efficiently dealt with.  To assist in settingup and opening new supplier accounts.  Filing of all purchase ledger invoices and proformas.  To post all cheque and bacs payments raised on to the system.  Assisting in any other accounts or office duties.  To provide admin cover in other areas of the business as required. Requirements  A person who has purchase/sales ledger experience but is willing to undertake other administration tasks as part of the role.  Be honest and open and to quickly embrace company culture.  Good communication skills and confident manner.  Courteous and patient attitude, ability to be flexible in style and approach.  Must have ability to prioritise workloads.  Need to be organised, methodical, and have attention to detail.  Good administrative and I.T. skills and willingness to develop. Microsoft Excel skills are a key requirement.  Good team player.  To be receptive to training and participate fully in development and improvement of our systems and procedures.  High level of professionalism, reliability, integrity and respect for colleagues. You must have previous experience, be able to work in a small team and take responsibility for resolving queries. Interviews take place in the next week so please apply soon. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PurchaseLedgerClerk_job****	Leicester Leicestershire East Midlands	Leicester		permanent	Chase and Holland	Accounting & Finance Jobs	16500	16500	totaljobs.com	0
101931	69548473	Assembly Operative	Job Description We are currently looking for assembly operatives to work within a production environment. If you have previous experience within an assembly environment that may be an advantage however full training would be given. You will be required to use a variety of tools such as drills, files and air tools. You will be required to follow strict health and safety guidelines. The working hours would be Days, Monday to Friday. This is a temporary position starting immediately; however the company may decide to offer a full time contract for the right person. You will need to provide an up to date C.V. and also references from previous employers to be considered for this role.	Telford	Telford	full_time			Manufacturing Jobs	6.19 - 6.19 per hour	11884	Jobcentre Plus	0
25006	67756445	Media Planner	MarketReach Media Planner A real opportunity. A real planning opportunity. In an increasingly digital world, there has never been a greater need for a marketing component that is real  something that reaches real people, in real homes, with real things. Mail is the real world medium: the marketing tool that works in the real world, using real things to deliver real action from real people. The Business In April 2012 Royal Mail launched a new media business called MarketReach, to the top advertisers and their agencies. MarketReach helps businesses change consumer behaviour in the market, surprises and inspires their customers and deliver best in class direct campaigns that drive action, linked with the power of Royal Mail. MarketReach offers everything needed to successfully integrate physical communications into marketing campaigns, from brief to customer s doormat. We have a suite of products and services for each stage of the value chain focusing around planning, creative, data, print and production, distribution and response, and evaluation. Royal Mail is a business with a proud heritage. Every day it delivers 62 million items to around 29 million addresses. The Royal Mail, Post Office and Parcelforce brands are amongst the best known in the country. But what really sets us apart isn t what we re doing now; it s what we ll be doing in the future. We are transforming our business, growing our revenues and maximising the opportunities in the market. It s a challenging and exciting time, and unique in its scale and variety. The Role Accountabilities: A successful applicant must be able to work with clients and the media sales team to help understand the client's business and advertising objectives. Through this you will be responsible for bringing together all the media insight for each individual proactive and reactive client pitch to win new revenue for Royal Mail against revenue KPi s. You must be able to; create detailed proposals, with media and cost schedules and management of Royal Mail (Market Reach) pitch budget. Liaise with data planners and additional creative/ production services if needed. And be able to own the media planning best practices feeding into the monthly reviews and business improvement e.g. use of market leading tools including touch points / TGI. Another key aspect of the role is to be able to identify target audiences and analysing their characteristics, behaviour and media habits to link with data planners. Competencies: As a successful applicant you must be an excellent problem solver, be able to have the ability to turn media and audience knowledge into compelling and persuasive brief for MarketReach (Royal Mail) sales to pitch to clients. You must have the ability to work in a highpressure role and meet client deadlines. Have a full media understanding and expert opinion in all digital and direct media.	Central London	Central London				PR, Advertising & Marketing Jobs	45,000 - 55,000 (dependant on experience) plus benefits + bonus.	50000	onlymarketingjobs.com	1
241422	72675881	NPI Manufacturing Engineer / Manufacturing Project Engineer (Medical)	NPI Manufacturing Engineer / Manufacturing Project Engineer New Product Introduction, Medical Device ****K  ****K  Bonus  Benefits An excellent opportunity for an experienced Manufacturing Engineer or Production Engineer with New Product Introduction experience to join a market leading supplier of medical devices The Company – NPI Manufacturing Engineer / Manufacturing Project Engineer My client is a global leader in healthcare. This organisations impressive portfolio of products and fully integrated medical systems incorporates all aspects of the healthcare equipment sector, and includes medical imaging diagnostics, respiratory systems, medical laboratory diagnostics solutions, critical care and anaesthesia delivery, healthcare informatics, molecular imaging and patient monitoring systems. Offering 'best in class' solutions across a wide range of equipment modalities, their success is based upon a commitment to world leading manufacturing facilities, outstanding product innovation, excellent customer care and the recruitment and development of good people. They employ over **** people globally and are an integral part of an instantly recognisable technology group. The Role – NPI Manufacturing Engineer / Manufacturing Project Engineer Following expansion, they seek to recruit a technically motivated NPI Manufacturing Engineer / Manufacturing Project Engineer, to join their dedicated manufacturing department. ****: Support the introduction of new products through all phases of product development cycle and be responsible for provision of all aspects of sustaining engineering following product introduction. ****: Provide technical input/support for new and existing products, product enhancements and the introduction of product line extensions. ****: Provide project management and project engineering support as part of NPI and process improvement of new and legacy products. ****: Maintain supply part / device supply. ****: Identify opportunities to improve cost, quality and productivity across relevant processes. ****: Responsible for sustaining activities on products to maintain production and prevent a back order situation without a negative impact to quality. ****: Identify opportunities to improve costs, product quality and productivity. ****: Keep abreast of manufacturing technological developments. ****: Conduct manufacturing technology and processing feasibility studies, report and present recommendations. ****: Ensure that all manufacturers, manufacturing processes and equipment comply with relevant national international technical specifications. ****: Ensure that all manufacturing methods, processes, equipment and test equipment are designed to provide optimal products in terms of performance, quality and cost. ****: Ensure that validation requirements are adequately defined, implemented and completed where required. ****: When assigned as a project manager or project lead role, manage the project activities; drive the planned objectives, schedule, resources and costs, also ensuring that all project/product documentation is current and maintained. ****: Dealing with suppliers directly, also conduct PFMEA's report writing etc. ****: Other duties as may be reasonably assigned by the Engineering Manager  Support. ****: Be the go to person for electronic based challenges for the team. Your Background – NPI Manufacturing Engineer / Manufacturing Project Engineer To be considered applicants should have the following background: ****: Manufacturing engineering experience ****: Medical device industry experience or other highly regulated industry experience, within a product development and manufacturing environment ****: Planning and project management skills with evidence of successful project delivery ****: Proven problemsolving skills coupled with the ability to work effectively within multidisciplinary teams. ****: Ability to deliver process validation plans and the requisite documentation requirements ****: MS Word ****: MS Excel Benefits – NPI Manufacturing Engineer / Manufacturing Project Engineer In return, the successful applicant will benefit from excellent industry recognised product training, recognised by the industry, which will run on an ongoing basis as new products are introduced. A generous salary is also guaranteed, as well as the opportunity to progress your career within a market leading organisation known for providing market leading products. This is truly an excellent opportunity to join an organisation at the cutting edge of medical technology, with expertise in the installation, service and repair of multimillion pound medical devices. For instant consideration, please forward your CV to the contact below. richard.hardingetrsconsulting.co.uk Keywords: West Sussex, Kent, East Sussex, Surrey, London, Middlesex, Hampshire, Croydon, Tonbridge, Bromley, Brighton, Crawley, Redhill, Reigate, Guildford, Maidstone, Gillingham, Chatham, Rochester, Sevenoaks, Woking, Sutton This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NPIManufacturingEngineerManufacturingProjectEngineerMedical_job****	Chichester, West Sussex West Sussex South East	Chichester		permanent	TRS Consulting	Engineering Jobs	From 35,000 to 40,000 per annum + Bonus + Benefits	37500	totaljobs.com	0
126985	70016424	Staff Nurse  Days or nights  Bideford	Staff Nurse  RGN or RMN Days or Nights Great Torrington, Devon **** per hour/**** overtime My client, a 32 bed nursing home for older people, is currently recruiting for a Staff Nurse to work either days or nights As Staff Nurse, you will work as part of the nursing team to deliver exceptional levels of person centred care as directed by a solid management team. Key duties will include administering medication, wound care, and updating and maintaining care plans. You will be RGN or RMN qualified, ideally with some experience of working with older people. My client will also consider newly qualified nurses looking for their first nursing position	Bideford	Bideford	full_time		Green Care Management	Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	23,000 - 26,000/Year	24500	staffnurse.com	0
66857	68714716	Resourcing Executive	Our client is a renowned international business based in Manchester who require a Resourcing Executive with immediate effective for a temporary period of up to **** months (possibility of permanent). This is a part time role or 3  4 days per week with the Resourcing Executive taking responsibility for: Sourcing candidates through advertising and local networking for a diverse range of positions. Screening CV's for relevance to the job specification. Conducting initial telephone interviews. Coordinating interviews on behalf of the Hiring Manager. Offer management. Applicants for the Resourcing Executive position must have extensive recruitment / resourcing experience, in high volume inhouse environments. Additionally the Resourcing Executive will be expected to demonstrate knowledge of a wide range of resourcing techniques and exceptional communication skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ResourcingExecutive_job****	Manchester Lancashire North West	UK	part_time		Howarth Morris HR	HR & Recruitment Jobs	From 25,000 to 30,000 per annum Pro rata	27500	totaljobs.com	0
5749	62017161	Sales Executive	A major Broker is looking for another senior Sales Executive to manage the acquisition of new Clients. There will be a high amount of face to face contact and negotiation with senior business owners and directors (with all initial cold call contact carried out by a separate team) so you will have the personal charm and credibility to impress at this level. Also you would establish relationships with leads, arrange for quotation opportunities and ultimately be responsible for closing the deal. The Company has allocated an impressive marketing budget e.g; advertising, sponsorship, conferences, emarketing etc to aid in achieving new business success. You will benefit from having strong relationships with Insurers and the support of a prestigious name in the market enabling you to deal with significant opportunities. To be successful in this role you will need to demonstrate: Experience of working in a new business environment and working to targets Excellent personal organisation and administration Superb communication, presentation and negotiating skills Effective working as a selfstarter and cooperatively with team members As well as a very good basic salary, there is an excellent commission bonus structure to enable you to earn significantly more. You will also be provided with a company car, mobile technology and all the support necessary to enable you to be successful.	Ipswich	Ipswich			EMPLOYMENT SPECIALISTS LTD	Customer Services Jobs	30,000 - 35,000	32500	MyUkJobs	0
22143	67380447	General Manager	General Manager, Operations Manager, Travelodge, London, ****k plus benefits. Opportunity to join the UK's largest budget hotelier, with career progression and development. Excellent working environment. At Travelodge we are growing our business at a rapid rate and need the very best Managers to add value to our business and become part of our success. If you are currently working within a Retail or Hospitality Management and have experience as a General Manager, Operations Manager or Food Beverage Manager we would love to hear from you Travelodge was the first budget hotel brand to launch in the UK in **** and now operates over **** hotels, eleven in Ireland, three in Spain and the rest in the UK. We always work together with our customers in mind, which is one of the reasons why over twelve million people stayed with us last year. With a target of **** hotels by **** now is the perfect time to join the UK's fastest growing and most recognised budget Hotel Company. Due to our continued success and internal promotion we are now looking to recruit a General Manager to lead our London Hotels. As a General Manager you'll be a major factor in the success of your Travelodge, as you work closely to ensure we consistently provide service of the highest standard. With a strong grasp of our brand's standards and aims, you must also ensure that your team are fully prepared, motivated and ready to work to the highest standards. Our London hotels have full bar caf. We are looking for someone with great F B experience as well as a strong leader of people and can demonstrate this through a solid career in Retail/Hospitality or Leisure with the results to prove it. You will fully appreciate what needs to be done where high customer standards are concerned and be a true professional who can actively achieve these aims, while closely adhering to the values of our brand. With a good head for business and proven experience leading people experience you're now eager for your next challenge. Ideally be working as a Hotel Manager, Operations Manager, Deputy Hotel Manager, Deputy Manager, Site Manager, Retail Manager, Hotel Duty Manager, Hotel Shift Manager, Area Manager, General Manager or have relevant management experience within Retail or Hospitality for a leading brand. If you feel you would like to part of our on going success story and have the desire, determination to make a difference as a TravelodgeGeneral Manager please click apply and follow the URL link to the Travelodge careers page to upload your CV. This is a unique opportunity for an experienced General Manager to join a reputable business that is experiencing rapid growth and offers great rates of pay in London Salary ****k dependent on experience plus bonus, benefits. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManager_job****	City London South East	London			Travelodge	Hospitality & Catering Jobs	30k - 40k per year	35000	caterer.com	0
204767	72115516	Financial Services Admin	An excellent opportunity for an experienced administrator to work within a leading Insurance company locally. Your role will be to provide support to Pension/Investment Team by  Input of new information for new customers  Processing and providing client valuations and reviews  Processing new application forms for company products  General administration  Daily use of in house databases In order to be successful for this role  You will have experience in providing administration support from within the Financial Services Industry  Excellent MS Office skills  Accurate Data Entry skills  Accustomed to working within a role where attention to detail is paramount  Flexible attitude in working for a busy Financial Services Team  Clear telephone manner  Excellent written and spoken English This role is located close to Train and Bus Routes Hours ****  5 Monday to Friday	Stevenage, Hertfordshire, England, Hertfordshire	Stevenage		permanent	Interaction Recruitment	Accounting & Finance Jobs	19000/annum	19000	cv-library.co.uk	0
27441	67903192	Infrastructure Engineer (VMware/Linux/Windows) Cheshire	Infrastructure Engineer (VMware/Linux/Windows) An IT Infrastructure Engineer is required by global information technology services organisation based in Warrington, Cheshire to work as part of their specialist internal team providing infrastructure best practice across technologies such as VMware, Linux and Windows servers. The role is paying between **** and **** per year, plus company benefits and associated bonuses. Skills: Strong commercial experience of Linux and Citrix Good hardwarebuild knowledge Windows Server (NT/****/2008) experience VMware experience Knowledge / understanding of Change Management Knowledge / understanding of ITIL Service Provision experience Experience working in a process driven/structured service provision team Previously worked in a reactive, fast paced environment Strong interpersonal skills / team player Any industry related qualifications would be a major bonus: CCNA, MCSE, MCITP, MCP, VSP VMware, MCTS, etc ITIL qualification or working experience of ITIL Commercial exposure and practical experience of PRINCE2 (or equivalent) This is a newly created role as a result of company growth and new customer wins. You will be joining a company with a really strong market presence and who look to recruit the very best people and provide them with exciting and challenging career paths. To hear more about this fantastic opportunity, please call Iain Brassell in the first instance or email me your very latest CV for an immediate call back. Search Terms: VMware, Linux, Windows 2008, NAS, SAN, Active Directory, Infrastructure Engineer, IT Support, Infrastructure Analyst	Warington, Cheshire, North West	UK		permanent	IS RECRUITMENT	IT Jobs	26000 - 32000/annum (plus company benefits)	29000	cv-library.co.uk	0
95314	69214177	Customer Service Manager UK Ireland (Data analysing, Manufacturing) BLUC****	Customer Service Manager ? UK & Ireland (Data analysing, Manufacturing) BLUC**** Flitwick ****  **** per annum Our Client are the world's leading industrial mortar manufacturer, using advanced formulation technology which enables us to offer a complete range of solutions, meeting the highest technical requirements. They are proud to be part of the world leader in design, production and distribution of construction materials, delivering innovative products and services. They currently have an opportunity for a Customer Service Manager to join their team in Flitwick to work with key senior Management and Executive Stakeholders, developing and implementing long term customer service strategies, in line with their product and service leadership vision. Within this role, you will be the custodian of performance, ensuring that continuous improvement of all elements are coordinated and prioritised using World Class Manufacturing methodology through analysing data and facts, enabling you to identify root causes of losses and implementing sustainable countermeasures. You must ensure the customer experience of sales order processing and supply market is leading, ensuring our Client is effortless to deal with as well as professional. Developing and promoting strong relationships with the sales and marketing teams you must ensure both customer service teams use SAP process and procedures to deliver their excellent service. You will track and process customer complaints through to a satisfactory conclusion continually striving to improve the effectiveness with the handling of complaints. Candidates for this role will be educated to degree level (or have the ability to demonstrate degree caliber) and have previous experience of successfully leading a team within a customer service role. With the ability to analyse problems, it is essential that you have SAP experience along with experience of managing and developing large projects. Knowledge of MS Excel is essential along with the aptitude to strive to achieve the best quality results even in the most challenging of environments. Please refer to full job description upon completing your application This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.	UK	UK	full_time	permanent	Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd	Consultancy Jobs	From 40,000 to 45,000 per year	42500	fish4.co.uk	0
220344	72352465	Generic Assessor  Leeds	We are working with a National Training Provider who are looking for a Customer Service / Business Admin / Team Leading / IT Assessor for a job based in Leeds. The client specialises in the delivery of Apprenticeships and Foundation Learning. This is a full time permanent post based in Leeds. You will be reporting into the Training Coordinator. For this Generic Assessor job you will be delivering and assessing in Customer Service / Business Admin / Team Leading / IT apprenticeships including the full technical certificate and functional skills. Your caseload will be between **** **** learners. Your area will cover a 20 mile radius of Leeds so a driving licence would be essential. Qualifications and skills required for this job would include, experience of assessing in Customer Service / Business Admin / Team Leading / IT within the last **** months and the TAQA / A**** Assessor qualification is essential. Benefits for this post include a salary of **** mileage for work purposes of **** pence / mile, you would also receive a bonus for signing up any new learners, you will receive a pension scheme after 3 years service and 20 days holiday not including Bank Holidays. For more information about this job and other similar jobs please contact Kelly Drane ( Hays Further Education Resourcer). I look forward to hearing from you. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk	Leeds	Leeds			Hays Leeds	Teaching Jobs	20400.00 per annum	20400	MyUkJobs	0
87836	69128596	Compliance Manager	To review and compliance approve financial promotions (UK and other EMEA jurisdictions, as required), including website pages, and other promotional material using the Marketing Literature Database ('MLD') tool. To provide ongoing guidance and support to Marketing and Ebusiness onadvertising and promotional activity and keep uptodate with regulatory standards and initiatives in respect of financial promotions, ensuring thatRegulatory changes are appropriately communicated to the business. Also, to maintain an ongoing dialogue with Marketing and Ebusiness on new products, new promotional campaigns and new promotional channels/strategies.To assist in the ongoing development and refinement of the MLD and the policies and procedures governing the production and publication of advertising and promotional material.Streamline and standardise, where possible, the compliance approval process for marketing material in all of Aberdeen's offices worldwide working with local Marketing, Legal and Compliance. Own the 'Marketing Protocol' library of compliance and legal disclaimers to ensure it is maintained, developed and used by the business as the primary disclaimer resource.Research potential alternative compliance approval/archiving platforms which might be used by the group as an alternative to the MLD, assessing options available on the market and used by competitors.Please only apply if you are interested in Edingburgh based roles.	City of Edinburgh - Edinburgh	UK	full_time	permanent	UKStaffsearch	Accounting & Finance Jobs	35000 - 45000	40000	ukstaffsearch.com	0
128460	70090645	Group Management Accountant	Blue Chip business based in South West London seek an ACA qualified Accountant to join them as Group Management Accountant. Previous experience of complex financial consolidation is essential, this can be within audit or within industry. It is expected that the suitable candidate will have a minimum of one year post qualified experience and will have strong financial technical knowledge and will be familiar with existing and recent announcements (FRS and IAS). Areas of ownership. To consolidate and analyse the Group Balance Sheet, working alongside Divisional leads and Group Head of Tax, Treasury Controls As part of the consolidation of the Group s Balance Sheet and Cash flow, ensure clear processes and communication are in place to gain interdivisional alignment on revenue and costs To plan, update and manage the Group cash flow forecasting, identifying risks and opportunities, maintaining short, medium and longterm Cash flow forecasts. Working alongside the Head of Treasury To report and provide analysis and commentary on the Groups Actual and Forecast Balance Sheet and Cash flow on a Monthly Basis To be responsible for the monthly reporting to the Banks and contribute to the management of the Group s banking relationships To review Divisional Balance Sheets with Divisional Finance Directors, understanding key issues and ensuring plans are in place to resolve outstanding items on a timely basis, ensuring appropriate accounting treatment Act as a successful coordinator with Divisions understanding results and forecast to ensure that the Group s actual and forecasted Balance Sheet and Cash flow are appropriately reported and sensitivities prepared to understand any potential exposure on headroom and covenants. To drive forward improvements in quality and control across the Groups balance sheets and ensure satisfactory levels of controls are maintained across the Divisions Review Balance Sheet reconciliations for Central office Plays a significant role in the production of the Group Statutory accounts, including the production of notes to the financial statements Prepare such External reporting requirements necessary in line with the organisation s Financing To assist with Group planning and analysis activities, specifically lead Five Year Planning, Budgets and Forecast (including but not limited to, Financial modelling, coordination across Divisions, challenge and analysis) as it relates to the Balance Sheet and Cash flow working closely with Head of Financial Planning and Analysis and the Finance Manager Financial Planning and Analysis.	London	London		permanent		Healthcare & Nursing Jobs	50,000 to 60,000 + bonus	55000	hays.co.uk	1
